[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ ls -lrt
total 1032
drwxrwxr-x 4 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 23  2015 workspace
drwxrwxr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 23  2015 lib
drwxrwxr-x 4 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 23  2015 Documents
drwxrwxr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 23  2015 datasets
-rw-rw-r-- 1 cloudera cloudera   1092 Apr 23  2015 cm_api.sh
-rwxrwxr-x 1 cloudera cloudera   3978 Apr 23  2015 cloudera-manager
drwxr-xr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 00:36 Videos
drwxr-xr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 00:36 Templates
drwxr-xr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 00:36 Public
drwxr-xr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 00:36 Pictures
drwxr-xr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 00:36 Music
drwxr-xr-x 2 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 00:36 Downloads
drwxrwsr-x 9 cloudera cloudera   4096 Apr 22 01:15 eclipse
-rw-rw-r-- 1 cloudera cloudera     81 Jul  4 04:24 test_file
-rw-rw-r-- 1 cloudera cloudera 984565 Jul  5 11:49 Amazon_text_dataset
-rw-rw-r-- 1 cloudera cloudera    186 Jul  5 11:51 mapper.py
-rw-rw-r-- 1 cloudera cloudera    767 Jul  5 11:51 reducer.py
drwxrwxr-x 3 cloudera cloudera   4096 Jul  5 12:15 Desktop
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ cat Amazon_text_dataset
I try not to adjust the volume setting to avoid that I turn off the call button which is situated just below the volume adjustment knob.	
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
I thought Motorola made reliable products!.	
Battery for Motorola Razr.	
Great for the jawbone.	1
When I got this item it was larger than I thought It was the size of a small video game but bulky.	
(I looked for one that specifically said DCU-60 and said it supported USB 1 and 2.	
The first time it was turned on the screen display began to flicker.	
In some programs clicking it is the same as hitting the return key.	
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
What happened was that I only had like 70 contacts but the SIM memory said I had 250, and that all my SIM memory was full.	
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
I bought five of thes for less than five dollars.	
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
I had the two year contract for this service.	
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
If money is no constraint then just go for it.	
Try texting fast with it...4.	
What a waste of money and time!.	0
If you buy this phone and have problems, you need to contact customer service.	
This company will not give me back all of my money back because of their mistakes written in their review that said is made for the Dell Streak.	
And the sound quality is great.	1
It made sense.	
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Others have complained of chipping paint but in the week I've been using this it hasn't chipped yet.	
I'm giving it a third try because I really want this phone to work properly, it has such great potential to be an invaluable business tool.	
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
These are sealed packages by Motorola there is no way that Motorola would put the wrong charger with the wrong unit.	
It made the images look so grainy that you just could not appreciate the beautiful AMOLED screen anymore.	
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
the pda package runs $40 a month plus $40 a month for service.	
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
I only took it off approximately 3 times and babied it when I did.	
Unfortunately, I opened both so now I have (2).	
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Also to adjust the call volume you have to be talking, just push the over button to the left or right.	
I have patiently waited for a blackberry with Bluetooth and it came!	
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
After this month-long reparte with the J.D.	
Not too bad, I can still use the handset (Motorola E815) to switch between calls.Power button is TINY.	
I choose this because i liked the disign and i thought motorola made good products.	
The battery life is about 2-3x the life of the battery that it is replacing, and as best I can remember about the same as the phone when new.	
My initial impression was the sound quality was good but the workmanship was cheap.	
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
The first one I washed in my jean's pocket.	
In general, I could see phones having satellite or HD radio on them in the near future.7) Bluetooth capability.	
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
Press the center button.3.	
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
I probably was prepared for the worst.	
!Unlike others here I have managed to scar the finish...(what can I say, I'm talented) but nothing that causes the phone to be unusable.	
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I'd pay a few bucks more for the player with these included and you would probably increase your profit margins to boot.	
The on/off switch is the antenna, which pops in and out to turn the unit on or off.	
No such thing.	
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Since it consumes considerable amount of power, it goes to standby mode quickly and then, when you power it up, it is very slow to get signals.	
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
I have missed more than 50% calls attended on this phone.	
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I just bought this headset for use with an LG VX-8300.	
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
I bought these on sale at a tmobile store b/c i needed a new bluetooth and thought "wow sterio bluetooth".	
I bought this charger for my Pantech PN-215.	
I recently signed up for a two year contract through Amazon.	
I got the battery in the mail.	
Not for everyone.	
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
The synchronization did not work with the phone they advertised as being supported.	
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Really boxy sound, and my past 4 headsets of the same kind broke without cause.	
TAKES MOVING IT ABOUT AFTERTRYING DIFFERENT SIZES.	
It's not bad, but what do you expect for $3 or however much it is?	
I canceled a line.	
Not sure why they made it that way, but it does have a pretty long charge (longer than my headphones).	
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
But if you want a phone that has a good quality camera, takes videos, and etc.	
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
(I had used other headsets with wires and wasn't happy with any of them; this is the first headset that I've found to be truly convenient.)	
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
Fast connection speed and solid connection - when your phone rings, you need the headset to react quickly.	
I was not impressed by this product.	0
(The audio CD's is what I want for my 'final product').	
Nice headset priced right.	1
They can make anything.	
I use it for about 6 hours a day and have dropped the earpiece a couple times.	
The closest to a standard ring is the T-Mobile advertisement jingle.	
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
It looks like a solid case with all the keys exposed.	
Verizon is a little faster, but $49.95 a month.	
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
I cannot review the remote's capabilities since it wouldn't work for this iHome we have.	
And so far I haven't found the vibe and then ring option which was available even through the side button of the motorola.3.	
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Thank You... Almost perfect.... It's so much easier to carry a cable vs another mini brick for every device you need to charge in your laptop bag.	
Yes, I still think this phone is ridiculas- especially for 100 dollars.	
Connected it to a Motorola Cliq running Gingerbread, but the connection wasn't too strong and my conversations were difficult to maintain.	
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
This is the first headset that gives acceptable sound quality both sending and receiving on my Treo 700P.	
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This is the second time I have purchased this because my little cousin grabbed and broke the first one.	
I don't have to charge my phone half as much as before.	
it lasted about six months.	
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I don't know if it's T-Mobile though.	
I tried it on my phobe and it was still very bad.	
More bad than good.	
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
And thas about it.It's not the perfect phone.	
Lucky....I guess.	
It also constantly repeats, "Command not recognized...." or it would ask, "Did you say?	
SolidGreat.	
And while you can shut off the flashing blue light, you can't do so while you are already on a call.	
If not, it displays the caller id info.5.	
So you can only control the positioning one dimensionally.	
My aim was to find a small, sleek, simple/contemporary looking phone.	
This product did the trick, came with all the necessary chargers, and data cable needed to get the lg scoop connected to my computer.	
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I bought this pretty much because of the Monster name.	
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
I checked the tracking info a couple of days after the order and saw that the company said my product had been delivered last month.	
Was a little surprised to find a 3-pin UK charger (with a cheap nasty adapter for US power outlets).	
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
I have returned my chager to Motorolla under warranty two times.	
All contacts are combined.	
It really is OEM.	
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
Wish I'd played with it the day it arrived.	
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
with my Treo 700w.	
It is a very snug fit, to snug I might add.	
I have been with Cingular 400 Roll over plans for 3 years now.	
This product is not well suited for my LG Vue, I am still looking for a better armband.	
So if I can get 2gb of memory in a storage card for under $30, why couldn't they have increased the memory?	
but was not compatible.. Did not work with my verizon phone and had to ship it back.	
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
And my wife also uses this unit, as I bought her one.	
It might say 'Plantronics' in the ad but there aren't any marking of the manufacturer.	
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Don't buy for KRZR K1m.	
Maybe it's just the Creative product that cuses the problem?	
Mine has a sync button.	
They shipped to me a Monster RadioPlay 250.	
Since I bought this, I rarely use the headset to talk with.	
logitech replaced it with this one 12/06.	
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Great choice!	1
I have purchesed a few hand free ear pieces in the last 2 years.	
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Surprising to get at such price.	
I reluctantly went about preparing my new keyboard for a return.	
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
I live 4 miles outside city limits.	
As soon as I plugged them into my iPhone, I received an error message that the phone was not charging.	
It's big and bulky and seems too heavy to hold on with the latch on the back of the unit.	
About an hour into the trip I heard him scream that the cord was getting hot and pulled over to see what was going on.	
This is a great little item.	1
i have other palm products and liked them.	
First, let me just say to those who bash this phove because of T-Mobile, STOP!	
Points for truth in advertising, though, as it really is a Danger Side Pouch--emphasis on DANGER!	
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
Clip was so limp the battery wouldn't stay in the phone.	
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
at first i was happy because it wasn't some stupid-looking free phones without a camera and stuff.on my other phone, i used speed dial.	
Works every time.. I use these USB chargers to charge my Blackberry and my Drift camera.	
PDA but no Communications.	
Otherwise, the best option you have is the earbuds that come with the phone.	
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
This phone works great.	1
Great product.	
Caveat emptor.	
The vendor sent me a replacement headset after discovering the first one didn't work, and the replacement didn't work either.	
I agree with one of the other reviewers that it feels flimsy at first, you will be nervous about keeping it in your pocket.	
I cut these pads to put under the rubber furniture pads between them and the floow and no more slipping.	
Big difference.	
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Don't bump into things.	
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
This keyboard really makes the BlackBerry much more useful!	
The phone loads super!	1
All I asked for was the service they said they would provide.	
I need to find the headset!!!	
I always have problems with ear bud size!!!.	
Now, I can put them in this case and put the case in my purse, and when I want to pull my phone out, it's all together.	
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
My Motorola V197 fits just as it should into the case.	
There is some distortion when I use the unit and people on the other end have complained about similar interference too.	
Great clip!.	
I should have read the other reviews for this item before I bought it.	
so for the phone I give 5 thumbs up.	
Most likely.	
The only remedy we have for non functioning headsets is replacement, if the headset is within the one year warranty.	
Low power battery.	
The image of this Lithium Ion Battery shown on the website is that of the original battery that come w/ Nokia phone.	
After contacting Cingular [again], they informed me that my information was now in the system, but the SIM would not respond.	
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
Upon my return to the US, the only compensation provided by T-Mobile was a replacement unit.	
I can use it a few times then it won't work.	
I set the box up, but the instructions say it needs 15 feet of VERTICAL clearance between the base unit and the antenna.	
I've put it away in a drawer I don't plan to use it much.	
I'd stay away from these guys.	
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
I use them on a Windows XP PC and have had no issues once the software was installed.	
Paired up with a Bluetooth headset, I rarely have to touch the phone itself for actual phone calls; when I do, it's easy to use.	
This will force the unit to run off the batteries (which come pre-charged).	
Will order from them again!	1
No problem.	
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
Thank you so much.	
I was correct.	
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Maybe you'll have better luck, but I'm going to swap these two for something that works more like a telephone (can you hear me now!)	
helps you to throw that charger away and not use it at all.	
Try getting a 172x220 animated GIF under 100K; its very very limiting.	
I purchased this headset when my daughter was born.	
Should have been easier.	
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
This doesn't seem to be a new battery as they described on the site.	
For those who experience a lot of interference or muffling, I recommend you try the version with "Noise Cancelling."	
I wanted to get this phone because it has has walkie-talkie and ringtones and it looks fine.So I want this phone.	
Now, the IPOD works like new and holds a charge for hours.	
This would minimize background noise.	
Bug in the Samsung e315 phone.	
I wish I had bought a motorola phone.	
Definitely a bargain.	1
I have no problem with signal though.	
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
It's not comfy and everyone I talk to says they can't hear me when I use it.... Oh well...	
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I bought the jabra c120 stereo earbuds because i thought it would work for my phone but it don't.	
But the BlueAnt Supertooth Light was not what it was cracked up to be.	
I never had signals going into buildings with AT&T; and the Nokia 6310i (more a fault of AT&T; rather than the Nokia).	
They claim to have faster service, but there were browser limitations that made it seem no faster to me that the IPAQ.	
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
the included adapter as originally planned because they sound better and are more comfortable to wear for extended period of time.	
So you end up paying 3 weeks of cellular charges with out using the services.	
There are a few spots around town where my calls get dropped when I use my cellular phone while driving in the car.	
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
This model Bluetooth was the first model I ever owned...that was 3 years ago.	
The JAB C510 does not work with the IPhone 4 and I know the C250 does because I have one already.	
I ordered this product about a month ago.......didnt get it, wrote a not so great review.	
However, I feel the T610 has an easier user interface and is able to screen calls.The first RAZR was fine for the first 72 hrs.	
All in all, this phone is about the same as that one.	
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
(i) You cannot display SIM card memory OR phone memory.	
Absolutely great.	1
It is a simple phone that does as good job.	
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
The buttons are very well laid out.5.	
It's "manner mode."	
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
This is exasperating.3.	
But, I just wish it had better internal memory.	
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
This is my first bluetooth headset.	
I use a Nokia 6010 as my primary phone.	
After several weeks of frustration -- and really wanting this headset to work -- I gave up and returned it.	
It's alot smaller, lighter, and WAY better.	
Low down dirty battery time.	
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
GOOD answer!	
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
The MP3 player in theory is nice but the headphone jack on the phone is proprietary so I can only use their headphones unless I pick up an adapter.	
Will it ever work?.	
It works, and was cheap, what more can I say.	
Wanting to go wireless, I read reviews and felt the CS55 would fit my needs.	
Iam glad to get adapter's like this for my old Sony phone.	
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
I would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well.	
This battery did not come in a NOKIA package and the black paint on the Nokia Hologram Logo is worn???	
This is THE unit to purchase.	
Bad Quality.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Great audio!.	1
I emailed them about the problem and they sent me the instructions to reset the phone within minutes.	
I got the metallic blue cover and it was shipped without additional shipping charges (thank you!).	
Protects go.	
Basically the service was very bad.	0
It doesn't help that the button is positioned so my thumb always wants to push it.On the positive side, it's a light phone with good quality sound.	
And, with rumors flying around that they're going to be bought out in the near future, I will be considering switching to Sprint.	
The charger I ordered does not work!	
It worked out doors, at work, and most importantly in my condo.	
Was delivered on the 26th.	
I have no plans of switching carriers anytime soon.	
(I cannot believe how many people are jawing away on a cell phone while pumping gas.	
BARGAINCELL.	
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I no longer carry the charger on business trips, I use this cable and charge my Treo 600 using a laptop instead.	
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
My solution was to fit the hook under the outside of my ear, which pulls the bud down into my ear and holds it in place.	
The cover is too short for the Motorola V3i cell phone.	
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Samsung E105 - T-Mobile (5/5).	
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
The first problem was there was no caller id data on my external screen.	
I primarily use my Palm Treo for making calls and using organizer functions.	
Purchased at an AT&T; store on Friday along with my iPhone.	
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Disappointed.	
STATIC AND TROUBLE PAIRING.	
This unit does the job.	
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
As soon as I am in a calm and unhurried mood I will try that option and update this review.	
I am currently fighting w/ nokia so I can have them send me a new piece.	
I do know that if the phone is resting on a spot and isnt touched the connection remains.	
I have not tried the other "new" battery, but it was completely dead when it arrived.	
The new Blackberry has accomplished what they set out to do from the begining.	
i used this product on a Blackjack II screen that was covered in cloudy patches of scratches.	
I use it for work, and when I have to call a client back because my headset doesn't work, that does not look good.	
Supposedly it's being pitched to the corporate market as Windows oriented, but it's botched for that purpose.	
great for your camera etc .	
I paired it with my Blackberry 8100 and it was simple and straightforward.	
The keyboard ships with a device holder at the top, but I pulled that off in the first week and have not looked back.	
The magnetic latch at front of cover serves 2 purposes - holds cover in place and cuts power to the screen and keyboard when cover is closed (magic).	
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Charge time is less than an hour, but that steep of a descent in talk time is kind of harsh.	
Sound was very scratchy when plugged in.	
This product requires you to constantly change the station to play your IPOD anywhere while driving.	
Very good stuff for the price.	1
Then one day, I went to use them and the reciever crapped out.	
Stylish, sleek, ergonomic2.	
great product.	
I do, however, try to put it back in it's cradle as much as possible during the day to prevent battery run-down.	
I'm using it with Skype, Photo Booth, and as a headset for Itunes and other apps that would normally use the speakers but I need private listening.	
Here's the major problem and hopefully mine was defective.	
Product was what I wanted just did not hold up.	
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
I went over to tombile and picked up the cheapest flip phone they had at the time.	
The bad news is with Apple	
I have a very small canon pocket camera that I bring with me when I bike.	
I can't hear you!!!.	
Heard it's a common problem for v220.	
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
i think my problem might have been the wireless home network.	
There are several menu options you must go through before you can get to your address book when texting.	
I used it for a week.	
I have used Palm m515 for years and it recently died and I thought that was heavy ( m515 was almost 4.5oz)I have used it for 3 days only.	
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
(I think this is the difference between TeleNav capable versions, though)7.	
What a waste.	0
The HS850 is larger than the H700 series and does not have a USB charger.	
Not kidding.	
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
The problem I found was that the clips leg expands way to little to slide on a mans' belt - or any normal leather belt for that matter.	
They found out that by the number code that was on the CD.	
I can't recommend the phone for the average user but would recommend it for someone who likes cutting edge equipment and doesn't mind a few hassles.	
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
Now, it's been four weeks.	
I hoped that maybe I just received a bad phone, so I returned it for another.	
Whether I'll be staying with AT&T; is the main question.	
This device works well.	
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
What a waste of time!	0
However, I could barely understand him.	
Backup usb cable is added bonus.	
Worth the money.	
When it works though, it is a great bluetooth headset, and works really well with my Nokia 6233 and has great sound.	
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
Cord is too short, if you move your jaws (talk) good luck keeping the thing in your ear.	
I have an ipod video and sandisk mp3 player and both sound great.	
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
They both have the same problem.	
I carry a spare in my car, and one in my office.	
There is no such thing as perfection...but the Q comes pretty darned close!	
good but not so much.	
I Was Hoping for More.	0
It's really cool!	
After a couple weeks of hearing complaints, I returned the 700, and purchased the Plantronics 510.	
I used it on the vent and on day two or three after I received it, it would start moving to the sides when I turned.	
Why the box says "Desktop Charger" is beyond me.	
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
After a week, I called again.	
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I've still not seen a phone with an interface close to this one.	
Sound is great and the controls are simple.	
Lower per-minute rates (esp.	
Does not work with iPhone 3GS.	
The software does not recognize my phone.	
It looks like this phone is geared towards the young professional under 30 crowd.	
First the Ja-Blah errr Jabra Bt350 is a good headset if you do not know much about bluetooth.	
Lacks most common connection.	
Much handier then just a headseat.	
thought case was all leather but much of it was clear plastic.	
Nice Job By All.	
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
sticky pad review.	
(Wish I had realized there were new comments from Dell Axim owners.	
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
Motorola H500.	
Only by reading reviews was I able to clear up my issues.	
It took almost a month to get resolved, but I finally have the silver headset that I ordered.	
One advantage to this one-piece design is the superior sturdiness it affords.	
I sold my Discovery 650 and upgraded to the 655 because I thought the DSP would cut the noise in the car.	
I don't need bells and whistles and I don't want my phone to do more than let me talk with my friends and family.	
So when the info on their site was bad, the charger did not work and guess who carries the bag?	
SPEAK UP?!?"	
Gripe - you cannot edit tasks with this phone, you can only change the title.	
Post-Its would have more stickiness.	
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
lost phone.	
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Just What I needed.	
So you are going to back up another cable 100 percent?	
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
Works perfectly if you set the phone down, don't touch it and don't go over any bumps.	
Eventhough this holster does hold the phone, I've found it very difficult to get the phone in and out of the holster.	
or LG's Chocolate.In short, if you're just looking for a flashy, stylish phone the LG Chocolate fits the bill nicely.	
And I just love the colors!	1
When it is fully charged the blue light goes out.	
The earbuds would fall if you don't wear them over the ear.	
The volume does not get high enough to hear well.3rd.	
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
The max volume of the V600 is the mid-level volume of the Razr.	
However, these replacement batteries have proven perfect.	
But now I realize what I've been missing out on.	
The major drawback 	
I like the keypad a lot, much better than my previous phone's teeny little buttons.	
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Cute phone, a few glitches.	
The other colored skins hide the beauty of the phone.The SLVR is the best phone I've ever had and I'm very happy with it.	
What can you do about this?All it takes is a pocket knife or any other utensil suitable for taking a bit of plastic off the top tongue.	
already i've had problems with the phone "freezing up."	
I needed a hands-free device to comply with the new California driving law.	
Plantronics does ask that you return the broken headset in exchange but still it's a huge savings to handle a replacement this way.	
Sony car charger.	
I took it home to charge it and it wouldn't accept a charge.	
I am a vibrate only guy.	
It holds a charge much better.	
Its very compact and easily fits in your pocket, purse or briefcase.	
great replacement.	
Verizon Techs have admitted to me that the antennae in the handset just doesn't pick up well.	
I purchased the phone and returned it.	
Great charger.	1
Buyer Beware!.	
Best Bluetooth.	
"I say:CACA!	
This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again.	
The Samsung A-950 is not a good choice to make despite what others are saying.	
Initially there was some concern as to whether or not the Flexicase would interfere with thumbing, but no problems with that so far.	
It was in a plain white box with bot a T603 and T605 label and the unit was clearly marked T603.	
I'm glad I rejected the opinion of the reviewer who said it was too bulky and that it stuck out too far.	
It is a mystery each day how the phone will respond to the owner's touch.	
Does not work with Blackberry Pearl.	
Plus, the anti-noise technology doesn't really work.	
The phone itself is good, but certain features make it VERY annoying.	
Dont do it.	
These made the WEP-200 bearable to wear all day.	
The item arrived fast--within 6 days-- and worked fine.	
Total frustration & a waste of money.	
In that respect it is a great phone.	
I have enjoyed this product every much.	
I couldn't hear anyone and they couldn't hear me, it wound up in the trash.	
This ribbon cable in turn activates the screen when the phone is slid open (or closes is when slid shut).	
This phone sucks!.	
The extended battery is wonderful and the price was great!!!	
Nothing by dead silence.	
It keeps turning off!.	
It was heavily distorted through the audio system.	
It's a phone with a PDA or vice-verce.	
Click Text Message"".9."	
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
None of the Jabras or Motorolas come close to the performance and comfort of the 510.	
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Don't Bother with this Seller.	
Sound quality is clear and loud, even in loud environments like airports.	
This phone is no exception.	
What Customer service?.	
for the second time!	
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
I'll try it for a couple more days before shipping it back.	
On the Siemens, Panasonic and Vtech though, audio performance was marginal- it sounded like you were across the room.	
I had read the reviews and just hoped I didn't get a duff one like some of the others.	
If I could do it over, I would probably not buy this cover and just carry the player as is.	
The only thing it did is make my wife question my thinking!	
Great Value.	1
That's impressive.	
Since that is where the mike is... it picks it up loudly.	
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Not sure the reasoning....but am happy with the product and excellent service!	
I bought this recorder module for the purpose of recording classes at a music symposium I attended this month.	
Hope this helps you as well.	
And, now I can put *any* sim card in the phone, not just Cingular/AT&T.	
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
I've had this for about a year.	
Compatibility with this phone, although more advanced than the K1 and the T637, is terrible.Works like a charm with the HTC Touch.	
doesn't last long.	0
None of those phones had covers like mine!	
I had to use my friend's t-mobile phone to call in late.high priced plans.	
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
It doesn't do that.	
Better than my old Plantronics.	
I called them again for solution.	
A Step Backward.	
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
I've had to reinstall this software dozens of times.	
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
But since the phone is so thin & the release tab is fairly strong, I can't get the phone off with one hand unless I struggle with it.	
One thing I would recommend.	
I've read where some guys figured out a way, i just havent tried to rig it up yet.	
good but not the best.	
I handled it with care but it was time for battery change.	
When I ordered these I expected something of much lower quality.	
I sent them an e-mail back saying that although I would love a free Bluetooth headset I would prefer the product that I was looking for.	
when shopping at Amazon for Iphone accessories on check out i was informed that a screen protector could not be posted to Australia?	
I can't figure out why people are talking about bad reception.	
None of this flimsy crap like the Sony Erricson's have.	
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
I had an older model Samsung that worked much better and my new RAZR is even better!	
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The phone will slide into the holster, but the phone clip on the holster does not secure or even touch the phone.	
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I've heard this is just an issue with hard drive based iPods.If your iPod uses a hard drive and you plan on long recording, don't bother with this.	
When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired, I of course wanted to keep my number.	
When I turn the volume up the highest it will go, it does not help.	
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Incredible!.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
T-mobiles customer service is a nice change coming from Nextel!	
I have had this phone for about ~1 year.	
The earlpiece does not lay flat against my ear.	
I was wearing the headset on my left side, and holding the phone with my left hand - STATIC!!!!	
Great phone!.	1
Ah well, live and learn...	
It is nice for backing up phone numbers and data in phone.	
I plugged the charger into the first phone that was waiting to be returned and the same thing happened, "Not Charging" msg appeared.	
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
I like the fact that they do not interfere with glasses, but be careful not to drop them.	
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
car charger.	
Overall, I am very impressed with this and the service provided.	
My contract is up at this point; when this one dies, I'll be getting something else.	
No better than the worn out battery I was replacing.	
Sound quality was excellent but there were a few crackles.	
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
Dissapointing, but not unusual for Motorola.. I have had this phone since August, 2005.	
I have to buy a new Palm or organizer for me.	
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Works fine with my USB cable and fits my travel phone, obviating the need to carry yet another charger.	
Not impressed.	0
I have been searching for a few months with no luck.	
You can't beat the price.	
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Bad Choice.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
This pretty much works as advertised.	
I strongly advise against signing up through Amazon.	
THIS PHONE IS A LEMON.	
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The detachable clip is a bit bulky, but you get used to it, and it does come off.	
The agreement between Motorola, iTunes and Cingular is to sell phones in the U.S.	
It has pretty good range, although it seems to be very defined.	
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
Functional and an Improvement.	
I can't upgrade to a new phone, that would use these because I'd have to buy an entire another unit, not just the tips-Why?	
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
The headset is loud when I pump up the handsfree volume on the phone and crank up the volume on the headset too.	
Does not look like the picture.	
At first, I thought I was doing something wrong, but how can one mess up pushing the on button.	
Phone Holder.	
Manual very confusing to a new user.	
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Which is it?	
That problem has an easy solution - if the unit does not turn on or off on the first attempt - try again until it does.	
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
S105, E105, X475 and now the X495.	
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
It's a series of "hello-hello?	
You can also download games and programs to make the phone more functional.	
The constant exhortation to buy more (now!)	
This item protected the phone great, but was bulky and caused some of the buttons not to function correctly on the phone.	
I have owned two LG phones including the VX7000 and I had problems with both phones powering down for no reason.	
We're BlueAnt fans now, and I bought a lot of good will along with this gift.....	
I haven't tried it with a cell phone, but that's where the two modes are supposed to work simultaneously.	
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because I would like it to go down a little farther on the front top and a little higher on the front bottom.	
the video looks good on the phone, but only medioker on computer.	
It's worse than nothing at all.	
Treo Battery.	
As soon as I got it, I plugged in my phone and it takes a second but starts to boot up and says phone charging.	
&lt;WARNING> It doesn't work with Skype &lt;WARNING>I also bought this headseat thinking it would work between iTunes and Skype.	
Great Range, Poor Sound Quality.	
Great price also!	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
I really like it, but have made several observations	
But all in all, it works with my Xbox 360 and for only a little over $2.00 I guess you can't ask for too much.	
Sometimes I forget I have it on my ear.	
Also, you want the connection to your phone to be stable.	
Works great for Samsung WEP200.	
fast service.	1
RMA ACCESSORIES send this product to phones that are not compatible with it, and it creates a bad image for the product	
Thankfully its within the time frame of the satisifaction and VZ is changing me out to a different phone altogether.	
The earpiece volume is very low10.	
I have used iGo chargers for over a year, and this little contraption has made an already great idea even better.	
(I have observed for myself how tough those puppies are.)	
I would highly recommend this.	1
Easily clip to something (I use the clip to keep the iPhone on my seatbelt while I'm driving for easy access).	
So, after reading reviews and advice from sales people, this seemed like the best option for me.After using it for a few days, I was not impressed.	
you have to aim it at the grill on the right hand side.	
After buying the new LG Chocolate, I found that I needed to buy a new car charger for it.	
The horizontal placement is much more comfortable than the original case's vertical storage.	
A minor point is that it "connects" to my phone (a Palm Treo 700p) when a call is placed.	
I would recommend this.	1
The stereo headset lets you listen to music and talk on the phone (has microphone built in).Works fine.	
In the past 3 months the phone crashes at least once a week.	
The power button blends too well to the touch.	
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
The included car charger makes this a snap.	
Really Nice Headphones, But .	
I had a problem activating one phone because it arrived set to the wrong public system selection.	
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
It's sleek.	
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
The directions defy the law of physics.3.	
It didn't just DIE, it started making calls on its own.I am not making this up.	
All to no avail.This crappy headset produced constant static unless the phone was 1-2' from the headset.	
I called to cancelled and charged me $112 and change.	
Freezes frequently4.	0
Inside Secret.	
If you give this phone to a teen, your next bill could be monstrous from the ridiculously priced customization.6.	
can't they make solar powered ones?2.Volume control is kinda impossible.	
Claimed outstanding noise reduction and great battery life + a fancy looking charger.	
I tried to take the headset back to cartoys, but they wouldn't accept the return without the manual.Summary:1) Don't buy motorola.	
A cover that goes on the front and back of the phone!.	
I received the T305 on 11/26/09, charged it overnight, and it has been in use ever since.	
The transmitter that came with my unit was faulty and only broadcast the right channel - I also got no reply from BlueAnt's tech support.	
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I have gone through a number of earhooks, as they seem to snap just when you need them the most.2.	
Well made,but difficult to close.. The strap did NOT use Velcro to close.	
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009H7QKQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis works great, but does not come with a synch button like the original.	
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
If you press and hold the UP volume button, it sets the mute on.	
My fiancee and I bought a pair of these at the same time, about a year ago.	
i90c torture.	
T-Mobile sells a great device that meets or exceeds all my expectations until it breaks.	
I thought "pay the extra $$ for a genuine Motorola product."	
The clip rotates 360 degrees, which helps, and the entire inside display screen is protected.	
The differences are mainly in comfort, style, and ease of use.	
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
She has reported no issues with it not working with her Nook.	
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
Yeah, she's not getting it.	
I waited almost 3 weeks and I got itBut It is not suitable for nexus 4The film is really smaller than screen of nexus 4.	
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Since my i870 battery goes dead in like 1 1/2 with the extended batter pack I have to plug it in to charge.	
Read before you buy a Treo 700p.	
Even if the headphones break (I stepped on mine) they can be replaced and still used with the converter/microphone.	
It's okay and useable, but if the camera had been a higher resolution, this would have been a 5 star device.Finally is T-mobile service.	
I have a V3x which took several updates before it found the phone.	
Super Star Blue Tooth.	
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Me and my wife each bought the phone with Verizon's "New after 2" plan, and chose this one.	
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great sound and service.	1
You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works.	
Sony cell phone battery purchase.	
This is bad for obvious reasons, but it's also good in that it makes it more visible.	
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
We have not had a problem with it in our cars.	
The phone could not sustain a call at my work, nor at my house.	
I do wish the phone had bluetooth and modem capabilities however.The voice dialing features built into the phone work wonderfully.	
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
I'm going to keep this one short and simple	
directly from your computer.11.	
I shut off the bluetooth on my cell phone, and my laptop, but the reception never improved.	
I had been unable to use since my charger had been ruined.	
And is my daughter's constant excuse for not answering when I call her.	
Genuine Sanyo battery.	
Find a phone and a plan you can like with another carrier.	
I wish there was an option for better than perfect service as this company deserves it.	
Razr V3c Replacement Battery.	
I for one switched from T-mobil to Cingular mainly to get my hands on a black razr.	
I recently purchased this and the best I can say is that it is a so-so device.	
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Too little!!!!	
Not to shabby for a POS.	
CAN I GET A HALLELUJAH?	
Don't be fooled by the pictures though -- putting the Axim upright downsn't fly.	
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
Sound is loud and the eargels helps it stay put, even with shaking my head around.	
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
Their only response was that they had contacted USPS to find my package.	
The only reason i did it was because I still have my 400 min.	
When it is closed, it still acts as if it were open, allowing it to drain all day - which makes it useless in the evening.	
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
It comes with three ear tips, none of which fit my ears well at all.	
Needless to say I was going to cancel my service and rejoin Sprint but a rep convinced me to try the i850 for another 14 day trial period.	
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Too much hassle for my liking.	
The audio quality was acceptable and pairing was easy.	
We bought a replacement charger on eBay and it didn't fit.	
The first thing I realized is that the cs50 wouldn't work with my cordless phone.	
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Initially I thought it was lame to carry around a keyboard and PDA.	
Good design but poor quality.	
It completely covers up the external jack... another example of designing something without using the actual product.	
I can call my relatives FOR FREE in the UK drinking a Capuccino at Starbucks using their free wi-fi access.	
Don't be fooled by the link for compatible phones, which advises you &quot;All phones with 2.5mm jack.&quot; Not true!!	
Sent the phone back in.	
As it turns out, I'm not.	
Fits Like A Glove!.	
While there is no chance of the iPhone falling out of it, the holder does come detached from the vent.	
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
I've dropped it a few times and it doesn't show damage anywhere, not in the screen or the functions.	
Plus, I was concerned my new phone would slip from my hands as well as the belt clip.	
I have no problems with this unit.	
On one set, I could only get sound out of one ear bud no matter what I did.	
Worth every penny.	1
Allows me to synchronize my contact with Outlook & use my phone as a modem.	
Yes you can hear very well with this product But This Item should have come with a roll of Duct tape and a tube of superglue.	
The big problem that I see is not being able to break it down into individual songs.	
choice cell phone battery.	
This is the bluetooth I have ever tried, and I have tried them all.	
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Wrong Starter kit.. This starter kit was not for the Samsung i-500.	
Nice and loud.	
I got this thing because I was tired of the cords hanging around my neck.	
The iPhone cannot watch it??	
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
So unfortunately, I don't know if this headset works or not.	
Of course they want you to buy a larger denomination card, so they make this just good for only 15 days.	
The only option available is the T-Mobile melody that you hear on their commercials.	
If you listen to music, I recommend headphones.Update June 2011 - I'm still using this phone, and it's still awesome.	
Essentially I paid Technocel[price]to damage my phone.	
My primary interest in purchasing a new case for my Galaxy Nexus was to get one with cut outs around the buttons.	
I have been through 5 of these phones already, and every one has a terrible echo.	
Good on delivery, bad on advertising.	
...Is what my computer said...I don't have time to be shipping things back and fourth, I'd like my purchases to last when I buy them.	
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
My wife chose the Samsung because it was the smaller of the two phones.We live about 4 miles from downtown in a semi fringe area.	
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
Thanks for the Updates, Motorola!.	
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
Work issued this and took away the Blackberry and I'm stuck with it.	
Well, I have had this phone for about 4 days, and I am planning on returning it as soon as the replacement battery for my scp 6200 arrives.	
Cash in your daughter's college fund and buy one today!	
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
LOL It is textured metal so it not too slick.	
Highway robbery!!!	
But they do not understand about business relationships and how to assist the customer.	
They told me they don't run into many problems at all with this phone!	
I've called them from multiple phones, all land-lines, and they still say they can't hear you.	
This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel.	
poor quality and service.	0
No battery.	
You have to use your phone's mute feature.There's no audio alert when the headset connects with anything.	
i bought this cell for my mom as she said she wanted a simple phone.. this phone does the job its nothing fancy but it works.	
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Superb speaker for the price.. This product is just superb, the price for this quality is insane.	
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
the shiny piano black look shows finger prints and smuges.	
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
My advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it.	
It actually fits into the port on my iPod but not my vission m. Of course my iPod won't take a charge from it though.I am really frustrated.	
Works great.	1
Needless to say I will probably never by another Belkin product again.	
Absolutel junk.	0
I would recommend buying a different manufacturer's phone, but if you're stuck on buying a Samsung, go with one of the Blackjack's.	
The Monster actually overpowered it!!!	
This is my first blue tooth headset.	
The earpiece is also easier to get on than my last plantronics set and can be done with one hand.	
THAT one didn't work either.	0
One real crappy phone except for the looks.. Hi,I recently bought 2 of these phones from the Amazon store.	
No problems.	
I've had others that just didnt work the same and paid a lot more!!!!	
Battery life is real good.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
I noticed a slight buzzing sound coming from the charger and it got really hot.	
It's a great item.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Love this headset!	1
Most annoying is the 4 emails I've written to the supplier that were ignored.	
This has caused problems as I only get one to two bars in my home.	
It follows very nicely with my "casually play with settings until I have to read manual" attitude with electronics.	
I have use this holster for more than a year.	
I don't know if it's because I use it on my Razr phone, but there is no echo or any problems at all.	
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
(Callers go straight to voicemail).	
BlueAnt BA-SUPERTOOTH3 Bluetooth Handsfree (Black)Connection with mobile phone almost instantaneous, speaker works well.	
Download this, line up the PDA like that, blah blah blah, inferior keys.	
Worked perfectly!	1
Nice but heavy.	
Well, it does not fit any of the mobile products I have including my laption, cell phone, and MP3 player.	
When I got home I tried to download them from the phone with no success (no, I didn't read the manual very well the first day!).	
Volume could be a bit higher, but I do use the earhook, going to try eargels and will get back to you on that.	
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
The i90c boasts a sleek new look without sacrificing functionality.	
Typing in a phone number to call is slow.	
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
cameras on cell phones have gotten crazy, and the public has gotten even crazier with its expectations.	
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Works great, long charge.	
Jabra might be phasing them out, but this is a nice headset for the reasons above.	
This pouch is well designed, allowing the antenna to protrude and permitting the blinking signal light to be visible when the cover is closed.	
You can't go wrong.	
Order another from a different web site, and it worked.	
Amazon is a good place to buy these as we could not find them in traditional stores like Best Buy et al.	
Replace Item.	
Phone is also very hard to open without using two hands	
I will keep this short and to the point this is the best phone I have ever owned.Its great for taking pictures the pictures come out so clear.	
I bought the scala-500 for my treo 650 (Cingular) phone and was rather disappointed.	
Have had this phone for a year but didn't use it much (got a better phone then switched back when it was stolen).	
Reversible plug works great.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
The features are extremely simple to use and learn, so I found myself using the unit with ease in no time.	
Did not work with my phone, because my phone had a smaller plug and vendor did not show good pic or description	
If you're a former Palm PDA user, you'll hate this as a PDA (and probably as a phone as well).	
Very good phone.	1
It is small enough to put in your pocket or purse.	
I had no idea that they made this in different sizes.	
I don't remember anything that showed me the product was new, which is what I wanted.	
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
This was my first blue tooth that I had ever purchased.	
Comfort for our whole family.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I polished for about 2 minutes and most of the scratches were gone.	
The charging was complete in less than an hour and should fully charge from "empty" within 2 hours.	
It is a small phone, so it doesn't take a lot of room.	
Don't move you phone or the connection will be broken.	
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I did this morning, but I have to pay the postage.	
It cost me like $200.	
I have had my Motorola Razor for a few years now and I would go through a new case every four or five months.	
This DLO case is a great horizontal case.	
Go to Control Panel on the N8002.	
Using HS850 with Moto E815 and loving it.	
Luckily I was able to return it and get another one because it was within 30 days.	
The T610 Phone gets 5 stars, T-Mobile gets 4 only for lack of coverage.	
H700 Blue Tooth.	
I believe this is a knock-off product even thought they use the Motorola model number and logo on the pouch.	
Inexpensive and Functional.	
I'm the original poster Denise who reviewed this item and I'm re-writing my original review.	
This looks like it would be a really great screen protector, but it is too big for the L7C's screen.	
The second phone does not receive any signal at all.	
There is no manufacture date on this new battery, so it's probably just as old as my other one.	
The quality of the sound of the earpiece speaker, the speakerphone and the ringer are simply the worst I have ever encountered.	
The keys are large enough to type easily, and it is a full 5 row keyboard.	
I had to go to my Verizon store to get a NEW one with this month's date code.Amazon, WHY would you do this?	
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great phone!.	1
one worked for one conversation only when I applied pressure to the jack, after that nothing worked.	
I think the camera works fine.	
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Leather Fanny Pack.	
I would purchase a different brand next time.	
When this did not fix it, they said they will ship the new headset and I needed to return the old headset within 30 days for the exchange to be free.	
There are other cards that are much better.	
This is a great little thing to keep in your car and it is easy to change it so that it works in an ordinary older top loading cassette player.	
I'd be done with that seller once and for all.	
Piece of Junk.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Sought it out on a friend's recommendation.	
Didn't look exactly "new" as it was in a little ziplock bag.	
Great Phone.	1
There's practically nothing to grip.	
conversations on my cell now without dropping calls.	
My family is very hard on earpieces and we've broken units from several manufacturers including Bluespoon, Logitech, Motorola, Plantronics and Scala.	
I switched from Cingular because of the ridiculous surcharges and improper billing I was constantly faced with.	
It does increase safety in the car.	
I was also told that prolonged use of this battery will ultimately damage the phone.	
well lucky my girl is going to get a new phone next may so i don't think it will be another samsung cheap phone.	
This battery is for that phone and I am so glad to find it available on Amazon.	
Wound up getting a replacement battery from Radio Shack which is probably what I should have done from the start, the price was competitive.	
I have vista so this is no good.	
Great phone.	
The computer had to be shut off and restarted each time, but when it's updated it works terrific!	
Not so good if you are in a crowded, noisy or windy location.	
Select 'Generic 105-key PC'4.	
Very nice, but buggy device.	
I find that it works fine if you follow the instructions.	
Dropped calls - I've owned three top of the line Sanyo phones for Sprint.	
However, for iPhone users, beware, no bluetooth headsets work for music due to the iphone software.	
I bought this because I had just bought a Motorola RAZR phone and had trouble hearing the phone.	
Great looking not fuctional they need to add support to the bottom of the case so it doesn't slip off.	
It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty.	
Don't buy it.	0
Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective.	
Excellent Phone.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
However the LG6000 camera is really, really bad, especially at night.	
I'm glad to be using a legacey device because I know you can't find ipod batteries this cheap!	
Nokia N800 will display 'Think Outside Keyboard'11.	
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
The company where I work has people that abuse and break theirs leather cases.	
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Even though my primary use is a phone, I still need it to be a PDA/organizer.	
The shipping was quick.	
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
The flap will pop open.I need to get another case.	
I kept the Bose for the office.I purchased the Motorola S805, basically out of sheer desperation.	
This one works and was priced right.	1
basically a pro is that it's a cellphone3.	
Oh yeah, It seemed as if one of them was already used or at least tried.	
With this tiny fix, you will definitely have the best looking, best performing, and best fitting bluetooth headset out there.	
And where's the ZOOM???	
I tried several other inexpensive phones but the clarity was not there.	
If I wanted to be tethered to a wire, I would just use a land line...	
Four months later (yesterday) headset number two died in the same way number one gave up the ghost.	
Customer service was terrible.	0
I was promised credit minus a 10% restocking fee IF AND ONLY IF I wrote a review favorable to the seller, which I did.	
Lost this one on a ride at Disney World.	
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
If you need a quick & cheap replacement battery, this would be the way to go.	
The sound on my end is not that great, either, though I'm willing to trade that off if my caller says it sounds ok.	
The ad for it sounded good.	
Well, I lost the phone yesterday and believe it or not, I was SOOO happy to lose it.	
And the user interface really makes a lot of sense once you've figured out all the shortcuts and stuff.	
So as I went to get my Cingular phone (highly recommended), I had the old number switched to my new number.	
There's a joint between the main body of the unit and the panel with the buttons on it which has come apart on all three units I've tried.	
I tried the charger and USB cable on 3 different Samsung phones.	
Sending it back.	0
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
The one thing that is annoying, which other buyers have noticed, is a tendency to reset itself.	
It's a wire that you plug into the back of your car stereo.	
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Good price.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
I still find the processor to be annoying and T-Mobile's coverage is not the best.	
Sound quality is poor as well...the headsets will go back to vzw..	
The only complaint is that the unit is uncomfortable on my ear after a wearing for a short time.	
Alltel has apparently not disabled this to the extent that others have.	
A different iGo recharger model ($70-$100) for laptops is available and it will also power other electronic gadgets.	
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
It is the same cable included in the kit but does not include the software.	
Has been working great.	1
decent phone but gets very poor reception.	
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
Hello Moto?...	
Suggestion.	
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
It's small, ergonomically easy to use, and aesthetically pleasing.	
I suspect the seller was selling it as new but it is used and they won't take it back.	
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
It's what it says.	
i would recommend u get it .i am getting my next fone in april, and i am looking at the LG chocolate and the EnV.	
The Box is no good without software.	
The phone does charge, but that is all.	
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
This morning, I flipped open the mic and put the thing on my ear.	
If all you want to do is talk and text, this phone is for you.	
keep it cool!	
Really brand new when i got it.	
Great little phone, although pricey.	
Random, next track, etc., all from the factory radio controls!	
Bet they won't ever offer this item as described foe $14.99.	
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Well, soon to find out it was this stupid cord, not my ipod!	
They only allow you to return it if you want another of the same in return.	
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
No static on my end and no one I ever talk to has any complaints, either.	
If you have a T-509 it just doesn't work.. the only thing it does is charge my phone which i really don't need it to do.	
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I suspect that the battery was reconditioned rather than new.	
I recall reading another headset's package (Plantronics or Motorola?)	
When I returned it for exchange, the saleperson said that's typical of this headset, and only from Motorola.	
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Not only did it quit working properly after one week.	
Makes it quite reasonable to pay 25 cents/minute for your first 10 minutes of the day and just 10 cents/minute thereafter.	
I tried 4 phones and felt noise in all the phones.The one I bought had noise level quite high and was problem with talking on phone.	
I wasted so much money going through so many different chargers!	
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Nokia Data Cables.	
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
I want my money back.	0
Nice bluetooth headset.	
I love this device.	1
Product arrived without a battery - make sure you order one separately and don't take anything for granted!	
It can go anywhere just like up phone or iPOD!	
Range is at least as advertised.	
The problem is that since this is a slider phone these clips make it impossible to actually open the fun.	
Sport Lanyard.	
cellphone accessories.	
(Turns out the travel mouse is on major -- couple month -- back order.)	
Sorry to say' ' but this is the only product from Amazon that I have recieved over the years that didn't work.	
I am also very happy with the price.	1
The fast forward and rewind capabilities are not implemented in the iPhone so this will not work using any headphones.	
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
Old dog, etc.	
Doesn't fit Blackberry 8330.	
NEXTEL BOOST PHONE.	
Seems Like a Used Battery.	
Each time I called I was told it was being investigated with their highest priority.	
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
good item, low price.	1
The question you may be asking is why did I not address this with the shipper, I was going to today .... now I have	
So I was looking for more of a case which the phone could slip in and out off for my next case... this has worked out well so far.	
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
Again, it's not a games machine.The UI is easy and intuitive to use, and I've grown fond of the wheel for doing menu selections.	
Besides, the blue is cool so why hid it.	
I feel it is too wide.	
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
It lists many phones that this charger is compatible with but I saw no listing for Samsung A900.	
They sent me a new phone, since it was under warranty.	
not doing its purpose.	
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
This phone is not a 5 star phone, as most Sanyo phones are.	
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Data cable for Razor 3VM.	
I dont care enough to go get new ones.	
Less problems.	
I'm considering the super glue solution.My head is rather large and they haven't hurt my ears or head at all.	
This one like the first one works OK when new but gets worse as you use it.	
I really wanted to like this phone.	
It has cushions to protect your phone/device so it does not get scratched.	
The reception is excellent!	1
I have a Nokia E61i phone.	
I saw that this new vendor was selling them for under $70.	
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
I should have listened to other reviews.	
No more wires and a little more practicality.	
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
I actually borrowed someones Cardo 500 and it works withmy Treo 700 just fine.	
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
IT THE BEST"	
Recently, I have played with Sony/Ericson, PalmOne, Nokia and Samsung phones, and must say the Motorola sounds best.	
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
i think it would be easier to have your palm piolt stolen as well.	
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Paid somebody to do the update,and it was worth then before.	
I bought this phone with a prepaid plan from hsn.com.	
Wrong color; wrong back cutouts for Verizon Pearl.	
TThe different positions are a bonus too.	
I have a Motorola 9q.	
wire deattached agian.	
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Yeah, the price was killing before but now its pretty affordable.	
When I tried to recharge my phone, I got a message tellingme it was an unauthorized charger.	
Excellent sound quality.	1
and acts the part of a premium phone.	
Very little.	
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
The car charger does so I guess it's not a total loss.	
Worst customer service.	0
Pieces stick out and don't allow a sung fit.	
THIS PHONE IS NOT GREAT!	
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Every chocolate owner should try this item.	
This wireless headset is a wonderful solution for hands free cell phone communication.	
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Good audio quality.	1
Does what it is supposed to do!.	
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
At the default setting with moderate vulume setting, wearing full-face helmets the wife and I could communicate with no problem up to 45mph.	
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
For this item and price, should be Leather.	
I did install the latest AT&T; ROM update and my phone lasts me almost 2 days (without e-mail and internet use).It does feel a bit bulky to me.	
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Fast & Simple.	
This LG head set is a very durable piece of equipment that doubles as a 2.5 to 3.5 converter.	
It was OK but not what I expected.	
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
I purchased this headset for a family member on my calling plan.	
Stylus replacement.	
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Clarity is second to none and there is no echo.	
It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.Now the bad.	
When I search Nokia's website there inn't a NOKIA BLD-3R battery, only a NOKIA BLD-3.	
My family has four of these phones on a two year plan, purchased new.	
It attracted every piece of dust or dirt it came in contact with.	
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
It reverses the polarity.Now this may work for certain cell phones headsets.	
I was considering t mobile but my friend michelle told me she had it for a year, hated it, switched to cingular and absolutely loves it.	
Great design but be careful when first using it with an Extended Battery.	
After messing around with it for 2-3 weeks, I finally just sent the whole thing back.	
Keeps auto reverse.	
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
It does what it's suppossed to, without a lot of fuss.	
I have net searched for a LOONG time for a decent looking, classy, affordable case.	
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Wish on/off was just a separate switch.	
I was easily able to infrared beam my contacts from both my Nokia 8290 and my Palm Compatible Sony CLIE.	
I love HP and always have, but there are too many shortcomings.Pros:1.	
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
The 665 stays connected more frequently, but this high-end headset sounds like crap on the Treo.	
bad fit, way too big.	0
Once you have your footage, simply dump it onto your computer via the included USB cable.	
And then the phone goes into "emergency mode" and we're unable to make any calls at all.	
I need tweezers to remove it.	
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
I started using it with the one installed by the manufacturer and then tried another only to find the second gave me more volume and clarity.	
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Also, it's light enough that you immediately forget about it until you need it.	
I bought 2 of these (one for me and the other for my sister); we both didn't like them.	
This clip was designed to slide into the mounting bracket of the Nokia hands free car kit - CARK-120.	
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Very ethnical!!!	
I do not understand the differences between the different ear hoops.	
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
ActiveSync is not reliable like HotSync.	
Battery life is also great!	1
(Which I do not recommend, it drastically increased the pressure in my ear canal and it felt like my ear drum was going to pop.	
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
It's my first Nokia.	
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
I like the internet sharing, but if there's wifi, I will use my laptop instead of sharing.	
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
received the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset that was said to be new but only the ear plugs were new.	
After many call and after three months they changed my number.	
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
belt holster.	
If the phone is already juiced up a bit, charger will work fine.	
There's also a smidge of space on either side, which I like.	
Not the highest quality sound (slight hiss or white noise with the volume up fairly high) but perfectly fine for everyday casual use.	
Wish I had bought more as backups!	
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
The padded vinyl case included should protect while traveling.	
Quick and Cheap.	
Did even last 24 hours.	
Good price, Not as pictured.	
It was just all my speed dials and call group contacts were gone from the Phone memory.	
Soyo technology sucks.	0
The "squeege" they give you is a piece of cardboard that doesn't really do anything.	
I called Belkin for a replacement as the package says it has a lifetime guarantee.	
Great Hands Free Device.	1
extra fail-safe buttons.	
There are no cut-outs for the buttons and also no cut-outs at the corners of the casing.What happened?	
But if you buy one it won't work.	
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
there you were, a shimmering artifact of technological revolution.	
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
So, I'm in the market for bluetooth headphones once more.	
Also, the multimedia phones came out with the ability to play MP3s from the memory card, which this phone can not do.	
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Let's be clear	
only one side works although it says it will work for this phone.	
In control panel click 'Bluetooth' (can click Pair if using OS 2008)5.	
Overall, happy with charger.	
I bought this VM Nokia 3 weeks ago.	
Poor sound quality.	0
Use it all the Time.	
But the other funny thing is, you can't cancel the original order because the operation keeps timing out when contacting Amazon's servers again.	
The best phone in market :).	1
Guess I'm going to an earpiece, which was what I wanted to avoid in the car.	
It worked very well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
I have just laminated one of my receipts that said "lifetime warranty" so the lazer print wont fade and the receipt stays fresh.	
The original review with its criticism still stands but I recently tried the Sony-Erriccson w300i and that has made me appreciate this phone more.	
Exactly what I wanted.	1
My advice is to find a seller that will include both in-home and in-car chargers.Happy hunting.	
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
not like the photo - and silence from the seller.	
Better than you'd expect.	1
Good design, but doesn't work with Nokia 3650.	
Expensive.Full user opinionYes it's expensive but this gadget does it all.	
Screen's big and easy to read.	
Does what it needs to.	
I purchased this headset so I could use it with my Motorola v551.	
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
The only negative is that the phone will not fit the non-swivel holster any more.	
After that, you're on your own.	
I have a BlackBerry Curve 8320 and got this keyboard to use with the device.	
The whole point of a smartphone is to be a great phone first.	
This is no biggie for me since I never browse the web using my phone	
How on Earth can you be charged the full price that you pay every month for only 20 extra minutes that you NEVER agreed to in the first place.	
It is loud enough through the case.	
Great product and price.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Then you have to pair from the computer to the device.	
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
I was not able to get a battery for my old cell phone through Verizon or anyone else.	
what a disappointment	0
The complete internet plan is much more affordable than what I had with Cingular.	
The K9 was a fine phone, but I wanted to get something that was a little smaller and would more easily fit in my pocket.	
Very prompt service.	1
The worst part is that I have already lost money in shipping that I can't get back.	
Excellent product for the price.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
A crutial piece of plastic broke off of it as soon as I plugged it into my phone and then remained there, thus creating a new project of removing it.	
So as I went to get my Cingular phone (highly recommended), I had the old number switched to my new number.	
don't waste your money and time.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
If I let it sit for a while, it works again for another 30-40 minutes and then fails again.	
mp3 ringtones.	
Glad to say that it fits snugly and is not too bulky.	
Exceptional Value.	
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Works great.	1
The existing combo phone/pda's TREO 600/650 etc.	
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Power off itself and can't boot it back.	
Each one that I had would just turn off in the middle of a call...not just drop the call I mean the phone shuts off!	
If you are in a totally quiet area it is fine.	
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I thought that this would be a nice alternative to the "Star Trek" headsets that everyone is wearing but it is not.	
I had read all the reviews from other people that they break.	
If you wear glasses, then this is the headset for you.	
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
It cuts off High frequency range almost completely.	
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
It is however larger than most, if not all of the bluetooth headsets out on the current market.	
It's less "geeky" than some headsets.3.	
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
This phone is consistent with the quality of phones I've received from Cingular.	
My old battery no longer held a charge, so I found these.	
Not the snazziest smartphone any more, it still works nicely for me.	
Thanks Amazon.	
Good Phone.	
Once i got the phone activated, I haven't had any problems.	
This product is no more difficult or easy to use than other adapters.	
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Do I need to change any settings ?	
With a regular phone, you could rest your finger on the button to hold it steady, and then press without much movement of the phone.	
There are three earpieces so you can find the one that fits your ear the best.	
The things that it's not that I like	
I do need to worry about the line limit or accident when walking.	
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Since it was inexpensive, I'm throwing it away rather try to get my money back.	
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I almost thought the plastic tools that come with the battery were going to break.	
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
The battery life should be long enough that, like your phone, you never have to turn it off at all if you don't care to.)9.	
In terms of functionality, I could only wish it could send DTMF tones while in a call from the phonebook.	
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
I loved that feature on my StarTac.	
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
A cellphone must first and foremost do what it's supposed to do.	
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
You can call me a fool for not running all the traps, but as a prospective consumer, be wary of this platform as it still has many, many kinks.	
Meanwhile you've lost a call.	
It felt comfortable, but I couldn't even charge it to use it.	
Great Bluetooth!.	
The case fits this cell really well.	
Price is good too.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Verizon's menu is not intuitive.I am back with Cincinnati Bell with no contract.	
I have been asked not to use my cellphone by Cordless phone users because it causes major static disruption)Sorry to be so negative.	
Cingular doesn't sell the "real deal" anymore (it was comfortable and very easy to get the phone in and out of) so I'm going to keep looking.	
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
I've had this phone for a year, with T-Mobile.	
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Better spent buying extra long extension for regular headphones.There has to be a better way than bluetooth.	
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Sure, it is a fun phone, but try getting some signal!	
you really wont find a bad phone these days.	
So despite the positive aspects mentioned below, I cannot rate it any better.	
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Make sure 'Bluetooth' is checked and 'Visible' is Checked6.	
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
My coworker had one I tried out and I liked it so much I bought one.	
A BIT OUTDATED.. I bought it to try and rescue data and pictures from an old broken nokia phone.	
Low Quality.	0
Suspended phone not supported by Verizon.	
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Sure it fits the phone, and I'm sure it works as a battery, but my phone no longer fits in the clip-in belt holster that I use 24/7.	
If you want to keep the look and style of the Samsung Galaxy Note, this is the case you are looking for!	
I'm pretty tired of giving up incompatible accessories when I change phones or providers.	
It fits quite comfortably and sound quality seems fine.	
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Battery life is the bad thing about this phone if you're use to 4-7 day charges on Nokia phones.	
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I downloaded a big set of songs onto it right from my PC in about 5 minutes.	
Sound quality is great 90% of the time.	
This phone has all the features of the RAZR and video capture.	
You will have to sit a lot closer to the console and television then you like to.	
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
(cases were dusty)	
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
That is more what I would expect from a new battery.	
Eventually it started to charge a bit but then stopped within 2 minutes every time it started.TL;DR versionIt does not work.	
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I was at the Sprint store and felt pressured to pick a phone, the salesman reassured me that Sayno is great.	
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
You have to pull them out a little to get them on your head.	
Does not fit.	0
I chose black.	
Very happy with this product.	1
Expensive But Worth It.	
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
service and product price.	
If I were working and on a conference call, I had to keep the phone on the same side of my body as the ear the headset was in.	
A micro USB connector version would be nice as well although the tiny Motorola Mini/Micro cable works.	
If you don't want these things, this phone is your best bet for the money.	
The static persists at any distance from my cell phone, including having the cell phone in my hand as I walk around the house.	
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I can wear them for hours without feeling fatigue.	
The color is rather nice too.	
Krusell Genuine Leather Case Classic with Multidapt Sony Ericsson W810iWorks great with the phone.	
Portable and it works.	1
II will never buy anything else.	
It has been a wonderful addition to myDragon Natually Speaking.	
I used it in my RV.	
basement with bad cell phone reception.This product did not help increase recption at all.	
(You must be home to sign for them, and that can be a problem if you work!)5.	
Appears to be a quick to market first gen product.	
So it's more user friendly.	
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
There are neutral colors for those that prefer something not so obvious.	
If you are in a somewhat rural area as I am you might want to consider something other than the Cyclops.	
CAVEAT EMPTOR - This thing buzzes like a bumblebee on steroids.	
The mice 'end' came apart after a week.	
Unfortunately, with my car's stereo I had no other options so I decided to bite the bullet and buy a quality transmitter.	
Think hard about buying this, the I-pod phones are excellent	
Chained to a land line when on call?	
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
I have gone through two of these phones.	
Then they told me it doesn't happen.	
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I can walk about 30 feet away from the phone, and still be able to talk.	
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
I do a bit of remote PC support and liked the idea of utilizing a hands-free bluetooth set that I could sync with my Motorola Razr.	
I find myself having to hit the keys with my fingernails.	
Great product - installation was easy - the only problem was that I had to use alcohol to remove sticker residue from both inner and outer guards.	
We own a towing business and he is on his phone ALOT.	
Horrible phone.	0
The reason this rating is low is because this wasn't the item I needed.	
I have been through 3 cases so far and either they're too bulky or too flimsy but this case offers protection without bulking up the phone.	
Here's why:1.	
BT50 battery junk!.	0
Now that I've grown up a bit, I've gone thru another 5 or 6 Bluetooths and this was probably the bottom of the line for all of them.	
We would recommend these to others.	1
They do stay put when you are moving around alot like cleaning house and such.	
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
It is an 880 mAH rated battery, part no SNN5762A.	
Disappointed!.	0
My previous Samsung phone had excellent reception, so I figured this would be the same.	
poor voice clarity.	0
No, no , and no.	
I understand the item is inexpensive but come on... 3 bad chargers.	
The battery works great!	1
UNFORTUNATLY LOOKS ARE NOT EVERYTHING.	
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Much better than any other ones I have purchased.	
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
My review of the Nokia 8801.	
Looks great and is strong."	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Does not work with BB Curve 8330 with OS 4.3 or above.	
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
While I think it is a great phone, it is not perfect.	
The included earpieces did not offer an option that felt secure to the ear either.	
Great software for Motorolas.	1
It broke quite soon.	
I bought the RDX-150 because the description said for PC and Mac!	
I unplugged it from the charger and plugged it in again several times and finally got it to turn on.	
The delivery was on time.	1
Who wants to talk on the phone while they're riding anyways?	
Very easy to use.	1
The integrated on/off and microphone feature is a little odd but not terrible.	
Extra Power.	
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
I really wanted a case to protect the screen and didn't want to use a stick-on protector because of past bad luck with them.	
If you are a man then this is not the phone for you.	
Can go all day without charging for the most part -- and I use my phone a lot!	
Not as good as I had hoped.. This was the exact item I had been looking for and could not find in the stores where I was shopping.	
Using it for a headset is great also but the mic is too sensitive.	
Worked.. I'm always dropping the phone and its great too cover up the window on the phone too.	
As it turns out, the "flex" arm is really just a piece of metal surrounded by a plastic sheath.	
They also said, "We don't support Blackberry."	
T-mobile, not so mobile.	
Ordered this for my white iPhone.	
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
I have bought about 10 of them, and the reason I need so many is that I am super hard on them.	
In some ways, it is kind of offensive.	
At least they reversed the charge because I had two months free trial!10/30/04 -- As an update, I have now had the phone for almost a year.	
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
So if you've just pressed 9 different digits, you have to sit there and hold clear for ten seconds before you can utilize the volume control.	
I'd like to return it.	0
So I ran to Sprint to replace it and the V3 caught my eye.	
you fulfilled so very many of my childhood aspirations, especially my dream of becoming a rogue international spy.	
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
10 cent for text message/free to recieve.	
All I had to do to make a call was dial the two digits and the pound key.	
Once thats over though, I am gone for sure and I will NEVER return to T-mobile.	
Blinking red indicates a missed call, message waiting or no signal.	
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
I'm not sure it is being manufactured the same and if it is really a samsung product the quality has changed drastically.	
You won't regret it!	1
I love this phone!.	1
I don't even get service in my own apartment with T-mobile and I am trapped in a contract with them until July 08.	
beating it?	
A Disappointment.	0
It doesn't.	
I didn't want a big, bulky case and I got just what I wanted.	
Waste your money if you want but, I am speaking from experience.	
I bought this item $15.	
You will hear the unit hum/vibrate, as it should.	
Its not user friendly.	0
Battery limited(if you talk alot), Not uncomfortable.	
pretty d*mn good.	
Not great but better than most.	
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
great phone, when bought through cingular.	
If you have small ears that don't stick out from your head, then this might not be the one for you.	
it is a smaller phone but i expected that when i got it.	
an AM radio station that is not quite on frequency?	
Plus I actually got this phone cuz I thought lost old one.	
Having owned two of the Body Glove Earglove Headsets, I would not purchase another one.	
I don't know if this happens with all phones, just mine.	
its always one thing after another.	
And it allows me to take important calls and make them while I am driving without breaking the law and with safety in mind.	
I wish it were a little smaller around my ear - the only reason I gave it 4 stars.	
Works very well with ASUS EP 121 Slate.	
The customer service for Cingular is the same as other companies I have tried, Sprint and Verizon.	
Slight scratches on it.	
Nice fit, no range.	
So I returned it.	
Otherwise I am very pleased with it.	
it's.... the carrying case is ok.	
!Muhammad Ali Hasan	
The calendar and reminders are useful4.	
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I'm soo organized!.	
I've used several different headsets over time, and none beats the Plantronics!	
However, there's quite some stupid designs in there.	
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
The same amount I am getting on an original equipment two and one half year old battery.	
Thats kinda important.	
It's a thicker material so I found it easier to apply and it went on without any bubbles on my first try.	
Pretty piece of junk.	0
It is not compatable with my son's 8gb 4th gen ipod nano.	
I understand that a later firmware release fixes this, which Jabra can install if you ship it back to them.	
Unfortunately, I donated it to charity once I got this phone so I can't use it.	
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works as described.	1
When I have them on I find it doesn't fit behind them and if I turn my head it's possible the thing will go flying.	
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
already broke!.	
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
I have this paired with a Cingular 2125 AND a Jabra A210.	
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Great Idea But Does Not Work :(.	
I did not experience any of the dropped call problems or crashes, but maybe I got lucky with the unit I bought.	
For $3.08 including shipping, I can't complain.	
Defective crap.	0
I would go with a name brand product and pay more for better quality.	
The plug has to be placed in just the right position in the cigarette lighter or else it won't charge.	
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
This product is really inappropriate.	
samsung blue tooth ear head set.	
You can wear this headset without the tips, and I've actually gotten to prefer not having an ear tip inside my ear.	
I bought this product for my husband and when he is using it, I cannot hear a word he is saying!	
This is my first bluetooth headset, though, so my comparison is only to expectation.	
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
Tracfone's service is not bad.	
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Plus, you can't beat the price!	
At first I had trouble achieving contact, but eventually I was able to keep the power continuous.	
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Yes I'm a grown man 6' so I don't think this is unique to me.	
Don't get surprised if you phone gets 3 weeks to arrive, as it happened in my case.	
Their calling plan page seems to be confusing.	
kinda mad about that.	
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
I purchased this in the hope of adding some substance to my Note.	
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
You may find a slighty better sounding headset.	
Mine feels secure after doing this and is comfortable to wear for long periods of time and I can hardly tell it's there.	
I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off.	
My brother recommended this item because he has one.	
It's Windows Mobile...Windows uses menus.The sound clarity is way better than the Treo, as is the screen.	
The same thing happened in July with 2 "new" batteries that went dead in minutes.	
I put this product on my dashboard, and immediately all four edges curled up.	
My colleague and I thought, "Finally!	
When I went back to just using the phone, everyone could hear me sans static.	
When LOCKED, you are ONLY allow to use the phone with the provider's SIM chip.	
I have called people only to have them hang up on me because they cannot hear me talking.	
Their email:Unfortunately we do not have a driver for that device currently.	
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
It's been one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever had with a piece of technology.The construction and comfort of this headset are fine.	
So I got one (also from Plantronics) that cost a little more and it works great.	
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Makes it a little hard to be discreet in a meeting.	
I use in 18 wheller.	
very good product, well made.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
The result is that it turns itself off frequently during a call cutting off the speaker for a second or two.	
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
Have been using it for 4 weeks and it is broken already.	
These were light weight, felt great, and when I got stereo, they sounded wonderful.	
not sure whether to get this or not?.	
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
I got this version from I O Gear as the version that I lost was so terrific.	
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
In some cases they are slightly off and in others they are completely off.	
I thought it was great for the first two minutes.Your phone sounds great in stereo, or at least with both ears hearing the same stuff.	
The screen is a bit washed out in high light.3.	
I hope I save one poor soul from this phone.	
The Sony Ericsson battery lasted for about 12 hours and then I'd have to charge it.This phone fit the bill perfectly.	
I didn't give it 5 stars because customer service with cingular needs so much improvement.	
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The clarity is unequal to any cellular phone on the Market.	
*Charging is slow.	
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
The battery lasts a really long time, was easy to set up, and has good sound quality and reception even in the car.	
Nice try, but not good enough for the price Motorola ia asking.	
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Works great!.	1
I'm pleased over the first month of use.	
REALLY UGLY.	0
The gels fit well.	
I was in two minds when I was getting a phone around Nov.	
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
I'm sure I would also be happy with the Monoural CS361N.Hope this helps!	
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Within the 10 day period that I had this phone I had like 15 dropped calls.	
Not just sitting still on the phone.	
so go on ahead and buy it.	
this is not a phone.	
I burned through 2 sheets just trying to apply them.	
No real improvement.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
We had a lot of experience with older types of permanent magnet windgenerators and spruce (wood) blades.	
Go with the RAZR or with the LG VX8100.	
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
for being so big, one would think it would have to be strong as well, but that is not the case with this clip.	
I took it back, got another one, that one lasted about 18 hours, same problem.	
Not pretty.	
The PLT 510 is completely different.	
Have been using it for a few months and have no problems at all.	
Don't buy this if you want to use the clip.	
And Palm's desktop software can surprise you with a feature that automatically deletes most of your old calendar entries.	
A case MADE for the Razr.	
I've been using this charger for my Sprint Centro 690 for the past 6 months after my Palm charger died.	
I use the headset on my way to work, on my way home and when I'm out and about on weekends - about 4 hours a day; and I have yet to charge it.	
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
It is also very flimsy.	
I have purchased 4.	
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Great case and price!	1
finally, i decided to get this phone.	
The A210 is paired by means of a stylus pressing down a depressed switch on the body of the unit.	
The price from Amazon was well below retail and the unit has a sleek, polished look.	
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
I never got it.. The seller says they did not get paid and Amazon say they paid them on the 15th of May and its the 31st.	
BUT...The eargels unclip too easily when in a pocket, bag, or ESPECIALLY when in the pocket-clip charger.	
Could be better.	
I ordered this charger from BargainCell and received it in 3 days as advertised.	
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
I am constantly complimented on it and people are always curious about it.	
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
I purchased the carrying to reduce the wear and tear not to mention help keep me from loosing my 2nd H700 bluetooth headset.	
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
Motorola v551.	
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I strap the Sirius SL-100 to my upper arm and hit the weights.	
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I have adjusted it a number of times to the highest setting and it is about half the volume of other bluetooth ear pieces I have.	
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
No more holding the button down just the right way for just the right length of time to turn it on!	
Every move you make, getting out of the car, sitting down, bending over, the phone is inching its way out of the case.	
Don't buy this product.	0
They don't allow for more than 100 songs (again because of the U.S.	
I see no replacement plug for sale.	
old technology that still works just fine!	
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
I exchanged it for a Sanyo PM8200 and its much better.	
Sometimes the device would actually be off (which it did on its it own) and I would have to turn it on.	
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
But I will grant the possibility that it was simply a defective charger.	
When it is replaced onto the headset, the plastic breaks.	
I even upgraded the firmware on the headset...no change that I could tell...	
I will review the phone and then review the MP3 player's problems and good points.THE PHONE:My previous phone was a Motorola V330 -- the blue one.	
Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset.	
The only issues	
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
If you are a teenager this phone may be good for you.	
I put my old battery back in my phone.	
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Both worked fine with either phone, even recognized the voice commands stored on both phones.	
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
After using this headset even the bass on my car speakers is enough to bother me now, and they're just normal car speakers.	
No documentation or any other information was included.	
I bought this exact same item from someone a few months ago.	
As of now, I can call manually and receive calls but heaven forbid it goes into voicemail.	
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Could have been Better!.	
Thank you for such great service.	1
That left a bad taste in regards to amazon.	
The item came quickly and it was exactly what I wanted and in the time I needed.	
Its a total package.	1
I wasn't able to find the web site for the manufacturer.	
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
There is a longer painstaking way to do it.	
hopefully before i retired	
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Not worth the price in my opinion.	
The service is very reliable now that Cingular has spent money on over 47,000 cell sites in America.	
I'm a technically savvy person but I can tell I'm in for hours of valuable time trying to get this to work.	
I just hope they fix the bugs.	
Great product for the price!.	1
Why show this one?	
I was embarrassed when they took it out of the box for a first look.	
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
The scam is that if you run all of the cable and mount everything, you will not want to remove everything for return.	
I know i sould stuck up but it is true.	
They replaced the infuriating proprietary NOKIA POP-PORT combination USB and HEADPHONE access port with separate STANDARD USB and HEADPHONE jacks.	
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
The holes don't match up perfectly, but it's good enough.	
I'm very active, so I want a headset that I can use to listen to tunes while working out or running.	
Most of the time people can't hear me.	
I was fooled twice.	
I used the original HS820 for years which was a great headset.	
Please dont waste your money.	0
My interior is a bit noisy but it seems to work great in quiet rooms but not really anywhere else.	
Sound quality is always pretty bad and I get complaints from the other side also.I have a Platronics since before I got this and that works great.	
I believe that it is common sense that when you have a phone of this build, you obviously must be a lot more careful and aware with it.	
This comes with a bunch of phone adapters, but not a micro usb, the most common for cell phones so I actually haven't been able to use it yet,	
I've had a selection oh phones since this one and they didnt compare, so as of now I'm waiting on my new nokia 3220.	
press once for this, twice for that, hold 3 secs for the other, etc.)	
That didn't solve my cell coverage problem, but it did give me a working phone inside my home so I'm happy.	
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
the charger actually charged my phone.	
The actual battery model # did NOT match the image that I saw for this battery.	
Well, it looks like nokia have been trying out this theory with handsfree/headphone kits.	
When compared in size to a RAZR, it is about the same length closed, double the length opened, and about a RAZR and a half thick.	
I called reseller "unlockedcellphonekings" they told me sorry 90 days has passed nothing we can do.	
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Common problems include	
It has to be kept too close to the phone and has too much noise in it.	
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
I'm getting a new case!	
Also I can walk around my apt and even check my mail and still have a strong signal!!	
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
The sellers did not respond.We bought this set also to give it a shot.	
Not impressed... Contemplating taking back.. I will be honest.	
Didn't feel like buying a unit priced higher than my phone :).	
Great Product.	1
decent pouch but very very bad clip.	
works with iPhone 3G/OS 3.0.	
I have to go through the Treo menus to get it to pair again.	
this one works with my hp ipaq and motorola razor at the same time, ipaq for my business and rzr for my personal phone.	
Button rattles.	
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
To address this problem I picked up a Palm PDA.	
Not the best phone out there.... I've had this phone for about a year, and I have not been pleased with its service.	
Exactly what I needed for my RIZR Z3!.	
So far Cingular has been a breath of fresh air.	
It worked for two weeks and than sto working .	
They then said that this SIM card too was not correct--they would have to send me another one!	
I've completely verified, by other means, that everything on my end (computer, phone, USB connection, etc.)	
Only issues	
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
They sound kind of tinny.	
Igo Keyboard.	
Downloaded a couple mp3s to the phone in a flash.	
The ear clip should be redesigned.	
This fixes all the problems.	1
This was my first bluetooth headset ever and I got it because I wanted to be able to print out a picture so my headset could match my outfit.	
Worst ever.	0
!Of course, I did experience call drops during long duration calls.	
It's comfortable and easy to use.	
Returned my Cingular 8525.	
2.50 per ringtone.	
Eventually it gets into place and it's great.The other things is that the jawbone looks fragile.	
I am very happy	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
Bought this blu-tooth to replace another that was uncomfortable.	
It fits the razr quite well.	
After reading the first review, I emailed customer service to find out of the description was accurate BEFORE I ordered.	
Hence, we would not be able to apply any credits against the roaming charges.	
A camera I might play around with when bored.	
The rest of the time, I am around big cities and strong digital network presence.	
This version was brand new in box.I'm still a little salty about spending nearly a day and $10 at UPS to fix this problem.	
Brilliant but flawed.	
The motorola branded usb cable which shipped with the software was malformed at the mini USB end and would not fit the phone's usb port easily.	
I just started using the phone for wmv playback since my iPod broke.	
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
broken in one month.	
all of these fees they charge us, subscribers, are draining our finances.	
That company is a joke.	0
Finally got my first bluetooth headset, settled on this after to numerous great reviews.	
I had a Motorola H500 that was ok, but very loose fitting.	
I don't get any complaints from the people at the other end of the phone call anymore, and it has a good volume level that I can hear at my end.	
It is return only, and if you get a family plan, it is return both phones only, you cannot exchange, and their customer service is very poor.	
Kit includes two tools needed to open iPod case.	
My company recently switched from the Blackberry platform to Windows Mobile.	
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
I was not expecting an OEM life but in less than 6 weeks the battery began to lose holding a charge.	
Out of 5 different phones I have had, this is the best.	
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
I was a little skeptical about this product until I acutally tried it for myself.	
cell phone battery.	
And I only tried one way.	
It came with 3 different sets of ear buds, but the length of the wrap-around piece cannot be changed.	
WELL....I've got 9month old twins, a three year old, a husband(!	
The only thing I didn't like is that the clip assembly fell apart in two days.	
$89.00 is the low end of these types of phones, but I think the phone works very well for the price.	
quick shipping~!	
you got your money's worth...just buy the real one, saves you a headache	
Got another type with one ear piece with soft plug and it much better.	
Looks better than it works.	
I like the shape of it as opposed to the rectangular headsets.	
i don't yet know if this charger will fit, as i have yet to receive it.	
Now, I'm glad I did.	
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Mahalo and good luck with your seach for the perfect combo in your area.	
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
I took my time.	
Better than expected.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
For years, I've used a Palm for that purpose and I don't see anything in PhoneTools that supports Palm.	
Battery is holding up well.	1
This is 4 dollars, Radio Shack is 40 bux, You choose.. The Greyhound bus company lost my brothers Motorola cell phone charger.	
flaky products.	
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
The first pair I got were really tight on my head and maybe that is why they broke in the first place.	
Do not use this holster unless you want to lose your cell phone.	
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Since I have a power inverter, I have the tiny charging cradle hardwired to the car, and therein lies the quirk	
Protect your expensive meter and it will last.	
The noise cancellation feature really works better than they admit.	
If you intend to buy a phone from them get the least expensive plan first.	
It's a Nokia and nobody makes a phone quite a well as they do.Things I don't like:1.	
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
If want to use the fantastic feature of Wi-Fi capability of this phone without a data plan, DON'T DO IT.	
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
Phone Charger Needed.	
Both channels were really quiet and the sound came out mono.	
Back to square one....	
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
To get the phone in takes some doing, at least to get it in right!	
Piece of trash.	0
The fit is just fine and it's easy to forget you even have it on.	
Not bad for $6.	
I work at a day care so there are always children trying to touch it.	
It works best inside a vehicle with the windows closed.	
A pretty good product.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
I went to resellerratings website and discovered how horribly they are doing buisness in this country.	
i changed the preferences to leave it backlit while in use and have not seen very much drain on the battery, but the phone does get pretty warm.	
There is a chance that these ear gels wont fit your ear but for the price they cost it is worth the gamble.	
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Easy to set upSupertooth Light Bluetooth Handsfree Speakerphone Black - 093744	
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
I have yet to even try the bluetooth.	
It's now 3/27 and the skin is no where to be found.	
Poor Construction.	0
Not Bad but could be better.	
Replacement battery.. It's been a month so far of use and so far, so good.	
Why did I buy this phone?	
It does sometimes get a little static depending on where I am.	
I could see it even with the phone turned off.	
Won't stay put.	
I had an LG for 4 years and loved it.	
I have dropped it many times- still works.	
This is infuriating.	0
But other than that, I have no complaints so far.	
thw wire is very fragile and loss of sound due to bad wire connection	
At least it is inexpensive.	
It was a pain to try to turn on the headset and then get it on my ear.	
Comments like, "doesn't hold a charge" or "it doesn't let you know when to recharge the batteries" are totally false!	
But the major problem w/ this phone is that after a year or in my case 8 months the sliding mechanism gives out.	
Poor quality.. I believe the headset is a fake -- not a Plantronics.	
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
They sent me a sim card after I received an email to contact the sales dept.	
I keep mine tucked into the case and very seldom use the ear phone port attachment.	
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
I have always bought cheap earpieces because they seem to last at least 6 months before I have to replace them which is fine.	
Expected this one to be just as easy to install and delightful to use.	
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Poor product.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Well I was a little upset, but figured I must have done something wrong.	
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
She said "they (Sprint) don't tell you that".	
It is also an mp3 player, a digital camera and camcorder with a 1.3 megapixel lense.	
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
It works, but.	
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
I purchased this item on the idea that it comes with the main piece and the right side.	
Couldn't say no thank you.	
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
If you get yourself a 100 m bluetooth adapter then u can roam around in your house and talk and hear music and even be coonected to your cellphone.	
The sound quality is fairly awful also.. but I'm not sure if T-Mobile is to blame or if the phone is just really bad.	
What are you all talking about?.	
This device is kinda like the Honda Accord.	
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
**Give a good sound quality compare to its price.I will love it if it does not give an auto reverse problem to me!	
My husband and I switched companies to at&t so that he could get an i-phone and I decided to get a new phone too.	
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I bought this case about a month ago and found it to meet my needs.	
Both phone and charger work fine.	
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
Finally, I was excited about this model because I thought it would work well with my Motorola phone.	
He still thanks me once in a while.	
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
I've bought another brand as well so we'll see which holds up the longest.	
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
I had the bt250 last year and it was fine.	
I have always had cases for my cell phones because they do protect the valuable phone.	
I was so skeptical to spend so much money on a cell phone.	
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
No problems.	
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Good sound but.... Really good sound and anatomy, but it's hard to connect to Nokia Nseries (N82, N95, N73) that are the best cellphones with A2DP.	
My experience was rather random.	
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
I'm not one to trade in phones twice a year and I know how to take care of stuff to make it last.	
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
USB Cable plus software.	
It's possible my device is DOA.	
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Great phone.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I'm pleased.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
This model, the C150, is one of 4 Jabra headsets I have ordered.	
Do not order from Accessoryone.	
The shinny keypad gets scratched pretty easy.Bottomline:This is the best phone with T-Mobile's 1-year contract.	
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
compare it to the included nokia earpiece!	
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
I use my phone a lot, between calls and texts and listening to the iTunes, its unbelievable that I only really have to charge it once a day.	
I write "intended" because I kept the old battery and now I just rotate them.	
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
So glad I didnt pay for this at an att or walmart as they are about $20 there.	
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
I bought from accessory one, the total cost was about $4.	
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
The little part where you press the buttons to choose the station is super sensitive.	
I didn't buy into the Razor fad when it first came out.	
If you have to switch the meter leads (black on red; red on black), to obtain a normal voltage reading, then the solar collector is wired backwards.	
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
I live in an rural area and my calls drop constantly.	
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
This phone is HOT!	
Truly awful.	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
The Nokia E62 has a 2.5mm headphone jack and not the pop port shown on this accessory.	
it fits the phone on the side, so that's a little goofy, but you still have functionality when it's plugged in.	
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
I ended up going back to my old phone, which is almost 2 years old... but a much nicer handset.	
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
The CellSuit is completely custom-fitted for this particular phone and...well...fits like you know what.	
The phone has PCS web access.	
Works well.	1
Sure it would if I paid a fortune for shipping, but then getting it cheaper on this site would have it's purpose defeated.	
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I was so excited to receive this as the battery I got with my Treo 680 was dying so quickly.	
20 Amps max fuse in back, option to plug into existing port in the car or hard wire it for permanent installation.	
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
It's really intended to be a personal organizer.The unit itself feels quite sturdy, but keep in mind it has a quite large LCD screen.	
The distance is about 30 feet.	
After using this stylus the orginal will fit looser in the Treo.	
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
connects quickly and reliably, but when i use it with my pocket pc it conflicts with my stowaway mouse causing it to intermittently disconnect.	
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I have a whole list and can go on and on.	
I didn't hear from them after that.	
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
On my phone, this button activates the camera phone feature.	
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
lightweight and works well.	1
So just beware.	0
)One thing about the Motorolas	
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
I too bought this phone ( sprint) when old contract other crappy company ( very bad	
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Phone went through power cycles when I pushed the send button trying to call people.	
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
However the fit for me is not snug because I wear spectacles, otherwise it works well.	
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Who would have guessed??.	
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
I mean come on for 30 some bucks what could you expect right?	
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Not worth it.	0
Almost As Good As the Original LG Battery.	
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It was a great phone.	1
It is just what I ordered	
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
The same was true with my Samsung.	
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
This is it!	
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
The new one did the same thing.	
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
In hindsight, that would have been a nice feature.	
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
After 2 weeks it has loosened up and is more user friendly.	
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
It says Brand new OEM but it lasted for few hours and now this battery is similar to my old one.	
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
I bought two ear pieces for my 8260 phone.	
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
After 4 days of not being able to connect to the internet I had to go out and buy a Novatel pc card.	
Motorola Cell Stick.	
Good product to address a design problem.	
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
The tuner card inserts fairly easily and snaps in reassuringly, but you're unlikely to actually pick up any stations.	
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
The case fit perfectly and was very thin compared to other cases I looked at.	
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
I got this phone for christmas.	
I did get it to work by placing the antenna outside where the signal was marginal but would support a normal phone connection.	
Nice Product, Poor Quality.	
This mount is actually great for the first two days.	
You have to have it directly over your mouth in order for others to hear you.	
The good things end there!	
Krussel Always good.	1
A 1GB microSD card costs about $25.- Ships with mono headphone jack (not 2 ear headphones)- Non-standard headphone jack.	
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
After scratching for a few minutes, the gunk went away.	
I only tried using it out of curiousity because of some other reviews.	
I great reception all the time.	1
The phone, eh, not the best, but with the speakerphone or hands-free, it's fine.I will never be without my Sidekick again!	
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Great PDA, Bad Phone.	
Had to get it from Samsung website.	
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
For the record, I'm using the smallest gel.	
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
BR50 Motorola Cell Phone Battery.	
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
So nice in fact, my dog decided it was a better chew toy than phone case.	
Let me sum it all up right now	
I have been using my new Plantronics Explorer 330 for about 2 weeks and am satisfied but not ecstatic.	
Does not fit.	0
You can find the authentic for the same price.	
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
disappointing.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Since that is about the length of the wires connecting the two devices, options for placement on the desktop become limited.	
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Very comfortable after adjustment.3.	
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
The headset worked well one of the 10 times that I tried it.	
While the Sony headphones are not immune to wind noise, the sound level from the wind is much lower than with the S9.	
GPS+phone gprs+whifi+bluetooth+windows mobile 5+..... everythink included in term of needed functionality.	
Not bad for the cost.	
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
It was a little more expensive than I thought it should be for the basic features it has, but I decided to give it a chance.	
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
NO ADAPTERS.	
This is the exact same battery that Palm installs in the Treo when you purchase it.	
Would not reccommend.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
And No Camera (Who needs a camera on a cellphone anyway?	
Just what I wanted.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
I have used the phone extensively since I replaced the old battery.	
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
So now they are sending me a new phone sinces its still on its warranty.	
Great product.	1
The only thing that keeps it from being perfect in my eyes is that it is not long enough.	
Crisp and Clear.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I use it for my zune and my camera.	
I highly recommend this case.	1
I've been using a silver RAZR for 2 months and here are my conclusions:THE BAD:- BROKE!!	
WORTHWHILE.	1
I actually own a 720i, which is almost the same phone.	
Now, my follow-up emails go unresponded.	
This is a great deal.	1
yet.If you value, programs/software on a cellphone, this is probably not what you're looking for (go for Nokia, as far as I know).	
Upon closer examination, I found that the date marked on the "new" battery was 3 years ago.	
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Sick of CDs, nothing good on the radio, plus my normal day consists of 1.5 hours of driving.	
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Plantronics Battery.	
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
Really difficult to find and keep a comfortable "sweet spot."2.	
It was horrible!.	0
It feels like a brick in those cases.	
I had not had a cell phone for about 2 years.	
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
I don't think it is any worse than any other visor-mounted hands-free device.	
Great Phone but Horrible Service.	
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
As the title says.	
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Prior to owning the Razr I owned a Sidekick II and was a t-mobile customer.	
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
I actually tossed my high dollar jaw bone for this one.	
The replacement set Amazon sent had the same problem which I decided to fix with super glue.	
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Installed on Audiovox XV6600.	
For example, when you miss a call, you usually want to know WHO called and THEN check voicemail.	
Great Phone.	1
There is no thin strap to wear down nor clasp that unfastens.	
The only problem I found with this phone is that it has a really poor camera and tiny screen.	
Phone doesn't matter if carrier's service is atrocious.	
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
It seems that the unit can be over-charged.	
Recently got rid of my smart phone after realizing I really didn't need it and picked up this Ericsson.	
Is it worth the money?	
Regardless of whether I end up with something that works satisfactorily I wish I had not purchased this product.	
We tried the phone contact, it was down with heavy traffic, or involved a long wait.	
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Five star Plus, plus.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I have only had this product for 2 weeks now so I haven't had time to abuse it, but so far it has been great!	
The warning on the box tells you that if you open the box you can't return it.This software is useless if it won't connect to the phone.	
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
This crazy phone will frequently go from full-scale signal to dropping a call while standing in one place.	
I have repeatedly done Master Resets with no luck.	
It had static everywhere on every station.	
Good , works fine.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
Unfortunately it doesn't)Voice Quality - I think the HS820 works better with the 6230 than V551.	
I530-AWEFUL!!!!.	
Great price, too!	1
It looks bulky and heavy, but the unit is very light.	
No matter how much time I charge it, I can't get more than a few hours of run time from it.	
The K1m Locks up for no reason without any warning at all.	
It did not even look new when I received it.	
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Once the CS50 ones break (which will be soon) I will be replacing them all with the CS-55!	
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Does Not Work.	0
It's not the phone because the old battery lasts for days.	
That was the only reason.	
Phone comes with Windows Mobile 5, but is not the most recent build date????	
I admit - it was a gamble.	
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
I HAD to have this phone and now I hate it.	
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
), and Nintendo DS Lite (This tip also powers the Garmin Nuvi).	
Great idea but still far away from a perfect BT headset.	
Arrived faily quick.	
Well AMAZON, you can start here	
The second time (dumb me!	
Phones usually dont last me more than 6 months!	
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
I would suggest ordering a case, the shiny black outershell just seems like it may scratch easily.	
There about 6 of us using them at work every day.	
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Battery has no life.	0
but here's the thing	
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
The screen on the front of the phone is always dark, and in the sunlight you cant see anything, on either.	
Stereo Headphone Adaptor.	
The "hands free" HF820 was highly recommended by the Motorola sales person after I purchased my new KRZR phone from US Cellular.	
Product is exactly as described.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Another great feature is that you can change the appearance of the numbers that display while dialing a phone number.	
Thanks Verizon!	
Works but has major flaws.	
The battery ships with a wrong door, that actually blocks the built in camera.	
The others ultimately ended up in non-salvageable condition.This particular case is well made, better than some of the others I've used.	
After all that, including the waiting, I was informed it was not in stock.	
It folds up nicely and fits in a shirt pocket without being obtrusive.	
Easy to use.	
Press twice to redial the last number you called.	
The phone itself failed after about 10 months.	
Worth every bit of the $2.97 that I paid for this thing.	
Other than that one complaint, I think the Treo is a real step forward.	
They were not super helpful.	
Doesn't do the job.	0
I would recommend it.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
I cannot put it in my cargo pants pocket and have continuous connection.	
I don't know how well it works for devices that take proprietary chargers (like the Motorola Q phone or those mentioned by other reviewers).	
The side buttons provide quick access to use both the camera and the phone itself.	
I love the functionality of the Treo 650 because I can do school, business, personal, and other things all on one product.Cons	
So I am not in a position to compare.	
if that was there, this review would have five stars.Still, the enclosed USB cable is quite useful.	
Rapid Home Charger For Sony Ericsson.	
Have a 1,200 s.f.	
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
I'm sure by this time next year, or sooner, the minor annoyances will be fixed and a slimmer, lighter device will be on the market.	
The Treo has neither.	
I am pleased with the product, packaging, and shipping.	
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
andf when your not charging your Kindle Fire you can plug it so you never lose it!	
This unit didn't do it's job at all.	
So far, the headset got knocked off only once - through no fault of the device.	
We argued about the color, and I finally convinced them that Samsung makes white, silver, red, and black.	
The keypad is sealed so no dirt can get into it, which is a huge plus.	
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
I do have to hand it to Virgin.	
Luckily the research paid off and she loves it and more importantly actually uses this headset.	
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
I have not had difficulty with two problems that other reviewers have encountered.	
I'd really recommend TuneTalk for use in a classroom.	
I'm waiting axiously for tuesday to roll around so i can get my new phone.	
That does not impede its asset of being both sych and power in one unit.	
It has such a weird delayed reaction!	
Terrific build quality, great menus and a slim form make user friendly in every sense.	
Good case!.	1
I would reccomend this phone to pretty much anyone who wants a camera phone.	
Good Hype, but weak on usability.	
I have mine set on loud since I use a half-hlemet and my wife prefers the lower volume in her full helmet.	
This is not set up for the Motorola V365.	
I prefer it over wearing a bluetooth in my ear by a long shot.	
I found this headset at a loves travel stop.	
Doesn't Work.	0
I should have noticed by the fact thet both packages were closed with scotch tape.	
Really good product.	1
I've emailed ccmaccessories twice, and yet I still have not gotten word back.	
Ordered from SF Planet for under $10 including shipping, recieved from across the country in three days, amazing deal.	
And looks cool doing it.	
I forgot I can last a whole day on a single charge easy with a new battery.	
In addition it works great with turn by turn voice navigation via phone GPS feature.	
Your chose.God Bless you all!Go to Immanuels Temple Community Church, ITCC in Lansing,Michigan.	
Cheap, poorly manufactured headphones.	
The product I received was really bad.	
Recently my phone has been powering down for no reason, and I can't start it back up until I pull the battery.	
Did not work for me.	
The accessories it comes with are also improved, though they are tan...a little odd.Second, the negatives.	
I love the bumpered corners.	
Use it intermittently for 5 weeks.	
When you finally do get the clip to let go it almost always "snags" on the battery compartment button.	
Press the wrong button, whoops, you're on the internet.	
Well worth the small additional cost overall.	
I've been using my clip for about two months.	
I bought another generic brand one and it's still going strong 8 months after purchase.But, that's just me.	
Don't buy this one!	
Set up was easy.	
Cool Funky Phone, Works Great, Awesome quality.	
BlueAnt X3.	
These batteries were a piece of crap.	
The fit is too tight at new.	
Internet and instant messaging9.	
Hmmmm... anyway, geat price.	
For the price it was worth a shot and at least I got the car charger to fit.	
This phone is junk.	
Alot of headsets are BT 1.1 or 1.2.	
The only downside I found is that you can't go through more than one wall or you lose the signal strength (1 story 2700 sq ft).	
This has many features.	
It will drop calls with all the bars showing, people are constantly saying, "What?!?	
The only issue that I have with it is that it doesn't sit very snugly in the ear but it stays fairly well.	
Couple of calls to customer service and for a couple of days it worked.	
Love the phone -hate the screen repairs.	
5 motorola bluetooth headsets.	
I got my V551 direct from Cingular for $150.00.	
Sometimes it wouldn't start or charge (and this had nothing to do with batteries or setting).	
Generic Cable as the other reviews state.	
Moto battery review.	
they are just about the only cases that consistently fit well, are not bulky or ugly.	
Except for if i am not using the built in push to talk, this makes the button on the side very annoying.	
The cable works fine.	
I want to use up my minutes and BURN THIS PHONE!So here I stand.	
I HAVE THE MOTOROLO RAZR AND RECENTLY PURCHASED THIS HEADSET.	
It is comfortable to wear.	
This one is an imitation/knockoff.	
I got the carrying case for Xmas, lost the phone on January 10.	
I priced it so that I could replace it and the cost was way too much.	
The quality of the sound, the craftsmanship and the return/refund policy definitely makes this product not worth the money.	
She was so excited, she had been looking for a phone charm, but couldn't find anything that she liked.	
It gave my palm pilot a very classy and elegant look.	
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
Needless to say I didn't like the way it made me sound to other people that I was talking to.	
$118 PLUS MY COST SENDING IT BACK!!!!!!!!!!!	
The sound quality was wonderful.	
In some stores it is not even available.	
LG Standard Battery.	
I am happy to say I have not had any problems with the second.	
This product is a heaven sent compared to those two.	
First, the Ear bud is included free with the phone.	
Well i finally got it, The FIRST thing they told me is	
The screen is much clearer than previous versions, a wonderful toy!!!	
The necessity of a Y-adapter just denotes a bad original design.	
All three broke within two months of use.	0
I use this headset exclusively for gaming on the PS3.	
Is it a knock off?	
Great Nextel service, pretty good phone.	
worked great for awhile but burned itself up within a couple of months.	
I have also become pretty good at putting it on with one hand.	
I don't know how I lived without one for so long!	
Good value.	
I have had the Motorola Razr V3 for 3 weeks now and I absolutely love it.	
Nice unit for the price.	
As soon as I activated the RAZR they immediately noticed a great improvement.	
It got so bad that they credited me $80 or so, equivalent to one month of the service I signed up for.	
dont buy it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
I tried 4 other cords and sure enough, the phone wont even register that they are plugged in.	
I think it's the exact battery that came with the Treo a 3-4 years ago.	
For those of you looking for a headset for 24/7 use, seriously, don't buy a headset that costs less than $20.	
My equipment is a Nokia 6225, I have 2 PC with Windows 2000 Professional (SP4) and Windows XP Pro and both don't works .	
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
After a week of researching all the bluetooth car kit options; I decided to go with the simple approach.	
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
No light on cradle, didn't charge my Treo.	
I doubt mine will be in one piece for much longer.	
Won't stay on your belt.	
Plantronics wireless.	
My theory is that to keep their prices down Logitech has had to skimp on the materials and quality.	
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
And there are a bunch of rebate offers right now.	
I don't use my phone much, but I'm having to recharge this battery every other day.	
I have a samsung sync a707.	
Better than my other bluetooth, a Plantronics 320.	
Overall it is a simple slick phone with a strong battery life.	
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
I'm back to using my 1 year old battery, it holds a charge longer then the new one.	
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
Had to go to Fry's to get one that worked.	
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
The phone had to be replaced.	
We use a couple different cases to carry our very compact Canon Powershot camera and have never had the camera escape.	
The original that came with the phone offers no protection and is hard to get the phone on and off.	
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Since then, I've gone through enough phones to realize just how much I loved my D&G RAZR V3i.	
Stay away if you have small ear canals.	
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Good thing I did'nt spend alot of money on this product.	
Should have had better info from the phone company.Not your fault.	
Verizon salesperson says this is due to "poor handling" on our part.	
Works great with Jawbone Era.	
It is not the best looking, but the design distributes the weight evenly across your entire ear, not just the top.	
S9 Bluetooth Headphones.	
It's a cell phone battery.	
I bought it a week ago.	
I hardly use my phone for crying out loud!	
DELIVERY was GREAT!	
Why can't Motorola make one for the V600 like they did for the T720?	
Great for the price.	
Or if you're trying to dig it out of your pocket, you accidentally hang up or ignore the call.	
This headset has no volume control.	
I guess it works fine in this capacity - but is just too flimsy for everday use.	
As previous reviewers have mentioned, it gets to be a chore to carry around a PDA, iPod, cell phone, camera, etc.	
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
But Im not impressed at all.... and the camera is VGA....yikes!	
Activation was simple and done over the web.If you want an extra FREE 100 minutes, send me an email at ajstudio@alaska.com.	
3-in-1 USB Travel Kit for Palm Treo 650.	
Excellent Product.	
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
Very positive experience.	
While my music device was playing in made a very loud noise inside the tape deck of my used car.	
Accidently, detroyed my previous cell.	
Product works as described by Amazon and product seller.	
Bluetooth sounds weird,has a delay, and the battery is always going dead.	
It's sturdy and it works.	
I can't even use that side of the phone anymore.	
I will say that those are a challenge*The memory could be better but it isn't a big deal so far.	
It's not what it says it is.	0
Very impressive!.	
I am not going to speak bad about their customer service because they tried.	
Good product at a good price.	
Works perfect with my PS3.	
I recently "upgraded" from a Sony Ericsson T610 to the Moto RAZR.	
It was exactly what I got as described in the ad and works very well.Thank you Amazon.	
Best phone I have Used.	
The additional BlackBerry Data Plan requirement just so I can text is garbage.6.	
Overall though I would recommend this headset if you are looking for a wireless.	
Search is over!.	
I like the phone but I'm still waiting for my rebate after a year.	
the housing is slightly split and the prongs escaped the housing but it still charges!	
This was a perfect fit for my phone.	
So if you want to look like a total geek/nerd with a giant Treo extending 2-3 inches from your waist, this is definitely the clip for you.	
The camera on the phone is pretty good, nothing to complain about there, and it also has a 4x zoom which is really cool.	
I didn't want two devices anymore, just one.	
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
These batteries are getting harder and harder to find.	
Used and dirty.	0
I have used this for about a month now and have absolutely no complaints.	
I've seen pictures of how they're supposed to fit -- I guess the back of the headpiece is supposed to sit on your neck.	
Beyond that, there were three included (separate) sets of directions on how to link the unit correctly.	
ear piece/ headset.	
I have put a request in to Motorola's website for assistance but after two days they have not answered.	
They claimed that T-Mobile needed more info to enter a new account.	
I use it with my Tuffbook at home because the rubberized keys make typing difficult.	
There's actually a list of the contents on one end of the box.	
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
You'll be much happier with it.	
I will never buy another brand again.	
Of course the sound quality is cassette quality, but this product cost me only $7, so it's an excellent deal.	
Even with the hook, still falls off easy.	
It is comfortable.	
I really liked how it fit my ear and sounded.	
When your battery dies you might as well buy a new phone.	
Not good enough for the price.	0
It does not seem to hold a charge very strongly.	
It takes 4 hrs.	
When you access a new menu, for instance office tools, the phone takes a while to go into that menu.	
I haven't used all of the features yet, but the voice quality is great on both ends.	
fairly useless item.	
This unit worked great...for the 1st two weeks of regular use.	
It was not "unlocked" yet.	
I had the battery for just over a week and it is already holding a much reduced charge!	
This phone made me giggle with shear joy.	
Not a mil spec phone.	
eforcity battery purchase.	
This makes it hard to use the computer and make the phone stay connected to the computer.	
another lousy product.	
No significant improvement over the old one.	
Best price around!!	
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
It looks very nice.	1
i love the fact that the phone has sooo many great features, and it works great but when it's dropped or turned off the screen will blank out.	
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
In other words, beware that this is a disposable product!	
Its belt clip is very secured.Please note that NiteIze also makes a version of Clip Case Plus for PDAs/Smartphones.	
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
This required me to insert it again.	
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Just does not work.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
One thing that bothered me was, it kind of hurt my ear after setting for a few hours but HECK, the quailty of the headset made up for that.	
My wife's cell phone charger broke and we had difficulty finding this particular charger locally.	
(It works!)	1
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
when putting in AA batteries it's a bit of a tight fit, but i guess this is to hold them in place.	
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Last time buying from you.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
Great design, PATHETIC performance.	
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Sometimes I have a hard time hearing the person on the other line but the supertooth makes it easy for me to hear everyone because of the speaker.	
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
I took out the battery and let it dry, and the next day, it still worked, and with no problems!	
Would recommend this item.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
I had to fight with five different support reps to get $15 in express shipping and $20 credit to my account for outage and $35 in minutes.	
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
They replaced it.	
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Works fine.	1
With some effort, works great at home too!.	
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Good Quality.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
I asked for a refurbished 1999 Audiovox, because at least I know I can make and recive calls.	
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Excellent!.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
I tried a few BT headsets and it came down to the Nokia BH-800 and the Jabra JX10.	
The new battery keeps its charge and I keep working.Amazon had it.	
No problems.	
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Didn't return because I will spend more in S&H than the purchase.	
Having trouble with volume.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
I had this phone for 27 days out of 30 and I returned it despite liking all of the phones features.	
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I was trying to order Cingular Cellphone service from amazon.com.	
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Best headset ever!!!.	1
The only reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is that it does, in fact charge the phone.	
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
The two carrying cases were completely different, even thought the packaging was the same.	
Excellent product for the price.	1
Next step will probably be to put it in the circular file.	
Bad Reception.	0
I will just use rechargeable AA batteries instead.	
You will be surprised.	
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
Do not buy this clip unless you have free phone replacement.	
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Play the music on your phone first.	
The unit really needs Wi-fi and/or bluetooth.	
Great phone.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
It's a hassle to send this cheap thing back and ask for a refund, but I will out of principle.	
I have a android phone so I bought it.	
Stinker for texting though.... I love my Sync!	
Think "limited".	
What products are it compatible with then, I asked?	
Carol's Review.	
An Inexpensive Improvement.	
i can wear it for hours.	
Moisture would get it and corrode or the display would have lines all through it or be completely blank.	
cable to your phone.	
I returned the item and will try to find another.	
my only complaint is that cardo does not include the silicone ear piece in the box.	
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
I would use this product when I road my bike.	
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Mine has even gotten wet a few times & still works great.Then only real annoyance is how bright the LED is.	
I use the pack every day, under my coat orjust strapped around my waist.	
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
The second model was a Treo 600 which I bought 15 months ago.	
When I told him there was already one on it, he didn't believe me!	
Read my review on this hard case!	
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
I returned it for replacement from Amazon and that was a good experience.	
I received cable in timely order and then downloaded software from Samsung.	
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
How stupid is that?	0
Before, my oem battery would barely last me a phone call before going empty.	
Its original charger was broken, so I would like to buy a charger to replace that.	
I need to charge it daily even after I set the packet data to "when needed".	
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Every time I put it in, it hits the buttons on the side and sets off voice commands, or turns it to speakerphone.	
Good show, Samsung.	1
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
She did look into cingular and found out that they had roll over minutes which sprint did not and decided that should would switch to cingular.	
I ended up getting the Ge Tl26593 Earset Microphone by Jasco, which has been the best so far.	
EL STYLUS QUE ENVIARON NO ES EL QUE APARCE EN LA FOTO.ESTE ESTYLUS NO ES PARA EL HTC 9100,	
No clicking, no losing connections.	
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
I wonder if it is bulletproof?	
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
I used a clean cotton cloth (none were included as stated in the description).	
Shipping USPS was an issue, USPS lost the item during shipping but seller IMMEDIATELY replaced item and shipped right away.	
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
It was extremely quiet.	
Works for me.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
The software is from Fido and the battery cover is Cingular branded.. so weird.	
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
But this is probably true for other headsets too.	
Kept in the car.	
Motorola Razr V3 phone review.	
It also had a new problem.	0
Happy so far!.	1
Did not stay.	
cool phone.	1
Be careful how seriously you take these reviews.	
Works good.	1
However the description says do not use on screens with a coating.	
This one was recommended for my Panasonic cordless phone by Jabra.	
Top-Up Problems.	
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
So I was able to pull the headphones out and stick a cassete adapter and use the MP3 player in my car.	
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
If you won't be using the Nokia headset much, try your luck with it, but don't say I didn't warn you...	
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Headset H500 PROJECT RED.	
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
There is not too much that can be said about a cable.	
U can also download	
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
How long it will last is an open question.	
Never got it!!!!!	0
Bought this as a replacement charger.	
I don't drive much, and used this for maybe a month and a half.	
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
A couple hundred more to buy a micro-SD card to hold more than 12 songs.	
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
You ask them questions, and they get answered.	
Same thing happened, here I found out that when I turned it on it automatically went into active mode not standby mode.	
The earpiece has a red light flashing.	
When I check my account on their website, it asks me to register my credit card for auto top-up even though I already have done that.	
The stickers that are used to pull the plastic sheets apart do not come off and you can't see the screen.	
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Its ok to have this at this price rate.	
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
If the phone is open, you must press then star (*) key and hold it for 2 seconds.	
THEY ARE NOT ALL THE SAME.	
Bad choice.... The Motorola v710 is an amazing piece of work... to look at.	
This is the SAME Holster that came with the Blackberry... It's definately the best value out there!	
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
this is my 3rd purchase from Krussel.	
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I'm returning them.	0
I decided I wanted as much signal as I could get so I ordered and installed the directional antenna.	
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
I've been very disappointed by other "OEM" batteries that I've purchased on other sites.	
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
nice leather.	1
Now I have to go and buy Roxio or Garage Band for Mac.	
It is a shell game.	
The key might be to use your thumb on the inside of the head piece so you can control the pressure on the talk and noise button.	
I will use this until I find a better replacement.	
I had this phone at one time for quite awhile.	
I had to purchase a different case.	0
So I just want to know if anyone had signed up for a 2 year contact but no phone.	
(never knew that before)it helps keep your phone from roaming.	
It's also designed to be placed face in to protect the screen whereas the others were not.	
It is a joy to use.	1
It might be great if it fits your face.	
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
This takes only a couple of grabs to get used to.Both phones seemed to have equal (and very good) sound quality.The bottom line is	
Does it Never crash?	
After many hours of screwing around installing and uninstalling the software, I've given up.	
Very satisifed with that.	1
The phone itself had a couple minor scuffs on the front and the small sheet of glass over the camera lens was cracked.	
People who had trouble with their IPAQs may do well to learn a little more about them.	
It didn't charge for me.	0
It's kind of space agey looking, which I hated at first, but it's grown on me.	
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Thank god, I checked before placing order.	
I hear them very well also.	
Buttons are too small.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Love it.. Great armband.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Ordered this on Friday, and received it on Monday!	
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Recurring appointments are skipped.	
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
i bought this unit after reading many reviews about it and it sounded like exactly what i needed.	
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
I ordered two set of Treo 750 battery.	
It is kind of a chincy design but I didn't buy the case for the clip so whatever.	
That version is too big for the at&t; Tilt.	
It's pretty easy.	1
Note that it does not have a microphone; it is only for listening to music, and for that it rocks!	
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
You can't find this charger in retail store anymore.	
Beautiful styling though.	1
I definitely don't worry about the iPhone coming loose...if anything it's more difficult to get out of the case.Pros	
this does not work for headset.	
if i hold my phone in my right hand it will sometimes start getting a week signal.	
I used to have one of these and loved it till it finally wore out.	
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
I think I'd save money in this way without contracts and plans.	
Excellent product.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
Lousy product.	0
This keyboard is discontinued and cannot be used by many devices.	
Cell Phone Booster.	
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Headset does not work with KRZR K1M.... I purchased these to work a KRZR K1M and both sets of headphones did not work.	
FYI, you can take your old and new phone to a Cingular store and they can tansfer your address book over via the SIM card.	
I don't know how I ever thought corded headsets were great.This headset is great.	
The color is good.	
Arrived OK...and it works!Bad Experience Here.	
Motorola V600 Problems.	
Just looks fancy, other than that.... I got this phone basically for free, but even taking that into account, I'm pretty disappointed with the phone.	
It is so annoying.The initialization time takes FOREVER!	
The Q has great functionality and a very well designed keyboard, but every single positive attribute of this device is far - far!	
SideKick 2 is a bad phone.	
Not enough volume.	0
The razr I have now is the last one I will ever get.	
Can a return it for a refund or exchange ?	
I got this headset for my iPhone from the Apple Store.I need to use it some times with a calling card service.	
Great case..nothing rough about it.	
Totally cute!.	
This was simple to pair up even though his phone model wasn't even in the manual.	
Samsung WEP200.	
Eraser works.	
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
I just purchased Pantronics CS50-USB Wireless Headsetfor VoIP Softphones.	
The iGo Power product line is a great idea.	
Therefore its not silent recording.	
Works very well.	
A very nice phone bluetooth.. Short and sweet review here.	
Body Glove makes a great product.	
I like this phone - the reception is fine and no one has ever complained they can't hear me and I live in NYC, one of the noisiest places on earth.	
I could not get it to connect with any of several phones.	
The battery for a Motorola Razor is functioning very well and holding a good charge.	
I recently bought a new cell phone (Sony Ericsson Z520a) with Bluetooth.	
Overall best phone I've owned.	
I did it in 30 seconds with my Blackberry.	
Fell apart.	
I would recommend this product if it will be adaptable to your business phone.	
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Loud Speakerphone, cool external display, camera, and color.	
This is one very cool device that has had a significant impact on my productivity.	
Good price, 1 of 2 bad products.	
Buyer Beware.	
I looked for it in stores and couldn't find it.	
don't waste your money.	0
I tried a Motorola phone and it sent a phone number to the car's phonebook (one party at a time).	
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
My phone is disconnected and I just wanted to download my contacts to move to my move phone.	
A co-worker has a Motorola Q with Verizon and is impressed with the Wing's features.	
Left my wall charger in a hotel, and wanted a car charger, too.	
The Hype says:"Getting on the Internet is easy with the RAZR V3 as it supports Cingular's GSM-based Wireless Internet Express service.	
once I did that, the case was the perfect size, and the clip fit perfectly.	
The others-AT&amp;T, Lucent, Bell etc... all required a corded &quot;dial pack&quot; that attached to the headset itself.	
I am using a motorola V551 phone, and originally got a motorola bluetooth for it, and it was terrible.	
Don't understand the negative reviews.	
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
I would definetly buy this phone again	
It is difficult to hear whoever you are talking to if the case is closed.3.	
Pretty bootleg.	
I just rcvd so unable to see if talk time is any better.	
Every day is new experience.	
It did not work-Price was to good to be true.	
You say the name, then tell it to dial work, mobile or home.	
Then I lost the earpiece.	
I am more than satisfied with the product and the excellent service.	
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
Note that my Moto Q just fits in this case.	
Great Device, Lousy Earhook!.	
I'd recommend it to others!	
Handy Handset Holder!.	
Excellent product that lives up to its hype.	
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
I love the keypad, but I hate it!	
The website still lists it as 'in stock"	
Not a necessary accessory...but.	
So this will be the 2nd return.	
However, I have been able to pick up the specifics and choose what options I wish (e.g., answering the phone by simply opening it).	
Call clarity is good and T-Mobile's reception at my work location is surprisingly far better than Cingular.	
rubber cover.	
I switched the two phones batteries and the same thing happened.	
It is the only one I have found that is loud enough to be used in something other than a very quite environment.	
It would be worth every penny had I had to pay for it.	
I have been using the H700 bluetooth headset for about a week.	
work very well with my Motorola Q Sprint smart phone.	
It charges easily and re -pairs with the phone the easiest ever.	
It lasted a couple of months before the clear vinyl interior portions began to tear awaay from the faux leather external portion of the case.	
Other than that, great little phone.	
Someone needs to go back to the drawing board at Bodyglove/Fellowes.	
The phone was also powered off from 8:00 PM Saturday night until 8:00 AM Sunday morning as I went to see a film and forgot to turn the phone back on.	
At first, the adapter worked like a charm .	
Just what i needed!.	
Remote will not work for LED color change cube.	
The connector was what I thought is was, the price was outstanding, and the shipping was quick.	
Phone falls out easily.	0
I am returning both cables and just paid the bigger bucks to purchase two separate cords from the Sprint store itself.	
I'm going to return it.I took my chance after seeing some bad reviews here.	
The difference is equal to night and day.	
Most wonderfulll mobile in the world... BY FAR.	
I have found out in that mode the bluetooth signal is more sensitive to walls than shear range.	
This is a nice headset and is a little workhorse as far as I'm concerned.	
Every time I took the phone out I almost disassembled it.Why do I give it 4 stars then?	
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
Nice phone, not much to complain.	
Doesn't anyone make a decent bluetooth?.	
This phone is not made for someone who has med to large fingers.	
I have tried all the ear pieces it came with and I cannot get this thing to stay in my ear for more than 30 seconds.	
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
That's okay, I didn't really need it anyway.I find the Jawbone extremely comfortable, and can wear it all day without it bothering me.	
regulatory.	
I've tried all brands of Bluetooth headsets from $20 to the $200 and this hands free is the only one that actually works for me.	
Painful on the ear.	0
Nice and snug.	
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
Fantastic value.	
Great protection at a great price!.	
disappointed.	0
Wouldn't let me out of contract without the BBB helping.	
I recommend getting that also.	
I would highly recommend these folks.Just what I needed for the cell phone, great price, and even better service.Top drawer.	
The talk time is not accurate talked for about 2 to 2 1/2 hours and 7 to 8 standby on 1 charge charged in 2 hours though.	
I don't understand the negative reviews.	
Kind of flops around.	0
When connecting it to my iPod, nothing would happen.	
I love the lights that dance to the ringtones!	
The backlight is great, a really nice no nonsense phone.	
The one shipped with my new phone lasts approximately 12 hours with about 1 hour of talktime before requiring recharging.	
One touch dialing is very handy for commonly called numbers.The Bad:- Sometimes I talk too much on this phone.Bottom line	
There are better products in the market which are smaller, with clear sound and stable on the visor.	
Not Compatible with E62.	
So if you want to carry around a slightly thicker version of your PDA and call it a phone, then the RAZR is the phone for you.	
It holds it well enough but only vertically.	
And the sound quality is excellent with music and movies.	
My only beef is that it didn't pair with my iPhone when it came out.	
good brand, marginal product.	
These units have a 'low' and 'loud' setting with volume up/down for the 'low' (default) level.	
I found this site	
I placed the phone in my pants pocket, around my arm, and even a foot in front of my face.	
records video with audio.	
I also adore it because it's so thin, and a flip!	
I would love to know if anyone else is having the same experience as I am.	
Palm HotSync Connector.	
Though it is bulky to wear with glasses.	
bait and switch!.	
Using a Bluetooth headset, once paired, is easy.	
I now have the Plantronics Voyager 510, it is the best bluetooth headset I have ever owned.	
It takes every ounce of my being to not throw it against a wall and watch it explode into a million pieces.	
For the money I would go a little higher and buy a little better.	
Absolutely the BEST!.	
Software Incompatible With Mac!!.	
I finally was able to control most iPod functions without having to walk all the way to where the stereo system is located.	
Text Messaging is Fundamental.	
I highly recommend these!	
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
But, it was cheap so not worth the expense or hassle of returning.	
I can hear clearly and they can hear me.	
Then I decide to give it a try, here is my feedback !1.	
Makes it virtually useless as a phone headset.	
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Unfortunately, I needed them soon so i had to pay top dollar for them (retail).	
After all, Plantronics was on the frontier of wireless headsets.	
Buyer beware.	
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
No money back on this one.	
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
It's rugged.	
Well this one is perfect, at the beginning yea you will feel it lightly hold on to your ear lobe and soon after you would forget its there	
Also, the ear wire snapped off inside, rendering the unit useless.	
So far I've been using them for several months without any problems.	
Zero problems.	
I am really disappointed.	
Have had the headset for my SE T610 for about 1 year now and have used it heavily.	
Not what I expected.. The tiny pen tip does not work on my Droid 3.	
I can hear a pin drop in a room without issue.	
I switched from Cingular to Verizon for service reasons, and the Q seemed like the closest phone to the Audiovox SMT-5600 that I had and liked.	
Just found out from the service rep that, in their system, my plan IS so-called National 400 for 40 bucks / month.	
Chances are, I'll return this.	
As a business customer or any customer why am I being changed for poor service.	
Very solid feel to it.	
The only downside to this headset is the dongle control module.	
Ridiculous.	
For that it has worked great.	
My phone is fine, thank goodness.	
I was excited to finally get an ear piece that would allow me to be hands free.	
I am not rough with these, but I think using them everyday at work just wears on them quick.	
I researched and researched, and the PLantronics Voyager 510 got fantastic reviews.	
Fits in the ear and will also hook around the ear, but that loop can also be removed if you want.	
Phone charger is much smaller, has a light showing electricity is working and just plain nicer than the factory charger that came with phone.	
Poor Quality, Stopped Working.	
In store purchase is better for such product where I could easily take back.The bottom line, don't waste your dollars and give it a homeless guy.	
No Problems After a Year.	
It works great and the retractable cable is nice so their is no cable hanging down.	
wrong door.	
Before I start the.. well, I've already started.	
They all are horrible quality.	
Does not allow data transfer of any kind.	
I should have given it 3 stars not 2, but I can't change it.To upgrade your phone to 3 stars too you must do the following -1.	
They referred me to Microsoft, because the GPS uses MS Pocket Maps.	
(I guess that is why folks like those flip phones but they cost more than an infrequent talker like me is willing to spend.	
Each time Motorolla customer service was very nice about replacing it however the rear pocket for charging batteries has never worked.	
I didn't hear back for over a week.	
It might be just defective or maybe this is normal who knows.	
Headset is great.	
Im going to make this short but will say that this is a really good Wireless Headset.	
very frustrating.	
Very good - Used with laptop for PC to PC talk.	
$5 Learning Experience.	
No Battery provided.	
But shoot, that would be enough to scare me away.. even though these just happen to be the best on the market.. WHERE HAS OUR TECHNOLOGY GONE?	
The signal with this phone is terrible.	
I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone of my friends and family.	
Email contact netted a standard computer reply after 4 days from the initial inquiry directing us to use the company website.	
doesn't work.	
It iseverything I expected.	
It means you are plagued with dropped calls or the device being disconnected because the SIM has lost contact.	
i hope someday you can forgive me, but i just cannot live like this any longer.	
Picked up four units and no regrets.	
The speakerphone is amazing!.	
Not only do the covers go on the front of the phone... they go on the back as well!	
I purchased the Jabra BT250v since I bought a Palm Treo 650.	
Be quiet!!!.	
PHONE ON THE MARKET.	
I left the screws off because I am sure it will jam again.	
I got this phone cause I thought it would be a nice little phone.	
My complain is that the button is the same lever used to rewind/fast forward and tends to be a little hard to press.	
good when it works.	
I wanted to reach out to the seller directly, however I'm new at this site and don't really know my way around.	
But PalmOS is showing its age.This thing locks up multiple times a day.	
Best phone for the money.	
I think it's better than my wife's NUVI GPS.	
Make sure you test out the product heavily within the first week or 2 before the return period expires.	
Very good and comfortable headset.	
I've had two Q's - including a brand-new replacement - and neither can handle even a full business day of even moderate usage.	
My understanding is it's a generic product, so the quality is suspect.	
I figured this is a common issue and called motorola for a replacement ear hook- I was told they do not make ANY parts for this model!!!	
(During a meeting you can't text your friends to tell them how bored you are, because it will be too noisy, for example.	
It's a nice color and the Zire fits in the case well.	
Finally a compact versatile device:.	
Great if you don't want to sync with PC (Works with Mac).	
try that when you're out and about.5.	
Don't waste your money.... I normally don't do reviews, but this is one product I feel the need to write about.	
Amazon sucks if you're trying to return something.	
I try to hit the red end call button ASAP, but since the phone is soooo slow, it takes forever to exit the browser.	
I like it if I have any problems I will update you.	
I just receive this case and it's amazing.	
They even look like OEM batteries...so sad.	
It definitely appeals to my girlyness.	
it's decent.	
Maybe they should have encased it in rubber.	
The speakerphone is not loud enough, either.	
it is a slimline phone, the battery they sold me makes the phone twice as thick.	
Low Quality.	
(And let's not even talk about the Sidekick.)	
There are times when I receive static just between my right ear and my leftside belt holster (My waist)... Not good.	
Just started charging extra!	
The ONLY reason I selected this vendor was because it specifically states 'Motorola Packaging' in the description.	
From now on I will stick with Samsung.PS would have given it a negative number of stars but not an option	
I bought the BT5020 based on its' Best Buy recommendation from Consumer Reports.	
Although I do find they break after about 9 months.	
Good Mobile headset.	
Was a lot cheaper than buying a new phone or limiting myself to extending my contract with current provider.	
Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it.	
Bought two, both defective for Cingular.	
Not great for long term due to expiring minutes.	
But I guess if you're reading this, it's escaped untouched.3 times burned... but never again,Mk	
It's really kind of inexcusable.It's enormous.	
ON SEPTEMBER 9, 2007.	
mobile phone tool.	
i'd really like to finally see a phone that works, and has great features.	
To me, it's worth it to spend more, and get a battery I know is fresh and will perform as promised.	
The sound quality of the unit (probably mostly due to the poor fit) seemed distant and awkward.	
This is why I had to replace my previous tape adapters because the cord was always getting caught on things.	
If you try and smooth them out from the center, it just doesn't seem to work as well and you scratch the surface in the process.	
I wish there was something other than star rating system for this one because the product might be perfect, I just don't know.	
I'll find some other brand.	
So I tried a different type of screen protector that can be cleaned and reused and it works great!	
I would recommend this product.	
As online cell phone battery purchases go, it's absolutely peachy keen!	
Then I would try and start it again, no go!	
Sin comentarios.	
Do not buy this product.	
Do not buy this case.	
good product.	
More specifically, there is a ribbon cable that is attached to the slider.	
They don't fit my ears right.	
It looks to be an original factory item as it has "LG" stamped on it.	
But, overall, this is a pretty nifty phone and you might think so, too.	
If you want your case to provide anything but a slick outside I would instead recommend a simple leather case I bought at JCPenney for $10!	
its the year 2005 and its pretty difficult to find a phone that wont fit your needs.	
I also like the included golf game to.	
Back to Amazon it went.	
It won't suit everyone but that's why there are hundreds of different models of phone out there!	
GREAT CASE.	
It works great.	
Works about as good as the battery I needed to replace.	
Sony Ericsson should have dropped it sooner than they did.	
It thought it was always OPEN!	
Since having it i have been on the phone before and walked away from my car leaving my phone in the car.	
I'm returning it to Amazon.	
Went back a third time, got another phone, this one worked about 6 hours.	
The unit is convenient enough to keep on my ear during my commute to and from work.	
Voice quality is good and it paired with samsung handset without any issues.	
I managed to score the Snapper for only $40 new so I had to get it.	
Well, I made lots of calls un-intentionally, so I thought a flip-phone would be great (and I am pretty quick about whipping that puppy open).	
The final straw was the white screen of death when I tried to access the calculator.	
That worked at first, but once again the music became choppy.	
Be sure to try the different molded earplug inserts supplied.	
Should never believe "usually shipped within 24 hours" if you choose free shipping.	
Didn't work out of box.	
I just received my cases and I was very disappointed to find that the top row of keys is covered.	
Unfortunately, they would not stay in stereo mode, kept reverting back to mono.	
when i got this unit it was working perfectly, but after only about 4 weeks of regular use suddenly people cannot hear me!	
Well, when my girlfriend is not happy then I'm not happy, back it goes.	
Works fine.. I replaced the batteries in two cordless phones with this product.	
Got the battery in time but after charging for 24 hours the battery last only a hours.	
Go with the much LIGHTER and sleeker samsung e316 or e317.	
The product description reads	
It's kind of annoying how only the center of the pad stays on the dashboard, while the edge all the way around is sticking up in the air.	
Pretty Alright.	
The usb functionality is of no use.	
It almost replaces the phone if I could dial from it.	
Anyone that can afford it should get it now.	
The speaker is really high performance making it usable even when driving under noisy road conditions.4.	
The phone is locked and owned by VERIZON NOT YOU!!	
As someone else mentioned, these are EXCEEDINGLY difficult to unsnap.	
Neither you, nor the other party hear anything.	
I will have 5 bars and then it drops.	
I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used.	
Cheap plastic and cheap construction.	
We bought 3 car chargers and all three stopped working in no time.	
When I contacted Parrot, they said it wasn't (?)	
Works well for my husband's Palm Treo.	
I find myself repeatedly twisting the thing back into place.	
Without these to invoke application-specific menus and select options, one apparently must actually stop and pick up the phone from time to time :-).	
Great Headset.	
Hands-free earpiece volume good6.	
Regarding comfort; all of the reviews suggested this headset was among the most comfortable around.	
Love thisproduct.	
no complaints, comfortable, recommended.	
Easy to use.	
You basically have two choices for this type of ultra-sheer protector - the InvisibleShield or ShieldZone.	
If I had this case for my first Bluetooth wireless headset I wouldn't have lost the first one.	
My wife's 2 years old Motorola V551 battery was not lasting very long.	
Items was as advertised, arrived promply and works great.	
I have to crank up the volume to hear it, and the tonal quality suffers a little.	
It adds a mounting point to hold whatever accessory you can think of that will fit the mount.	
I'm surprized that Amazon sells such a crappy product.	
Received wrong size battery.	
Go directly to the wireless provider and ditch the middle man.com.	
Best Phone with T-Mobile 1-Year Contract, Not Perfect.	
After about a year the phone is now released at the wrong times.	
Pretty easy to setup and not as bulky as other kits that has a cradle for your phone.	
For anyone else, do yourself a favor and spend 10 or 20 bucks more and get something better; there are plenty of options.	
However, I understood this when I purchased it.	
Screenguardz Screenguard for Treo600/650.	
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.	
The aluminum bumper case degraded my cell service signal.	
excellent device.	
I've had it for almost 2 months now and its awesome.	
Please note that this is about HP6315 as a cell phone from T-Mobile.	
I would suggest this item if you want a cheap way to increase the signal strength in your house.	
I took the headset home and tried it with my PC and Skype.	
This is my second attempt at buying a bluetooth device and both were terrible.	
I know the later model supports expandable memory, but it was not free.3.	
LOTS better than paying Verizon $39.99+tax ;^)	
This is what I ended up buying and so far it's great!	
Sent them to Motorola and the second pair lasted a week.	
It claims to just work when you get it, but I seemed to be having some trouble.	
It means that i should see the bt8010 main piece and ATTACHABLE SPEACKER with everything else.	
The items (2) were delivered within three days of ordering.	
I have not used this phone yet.	
The volume of the unit is not enough to be heard with my Honda ST1300 at idle, much less on a windy day running at 70 mph.	
I charged it carefully two more times and tried it with the same results.	
It looks good and looks like it will protect the cell phone.	
The volume goes way up on the thing so I can hear just fine even when I'm driving.	
It is working well.	
It does have a vibrate-only option, but it's not included in the volume options.	
Well, within a couple of days, I noticed light coming from the side of the unit I was using.	
First getting it I was exciting.	
I bought this for my partner when the "no talking on cell phone while driving" law went into effect here in California a few months ago.	
I received this battery and the back panel fell off.	
Cool phone.	
Like other websites I do agree that the buttons are a bit slippery and a bit small but that's no a big setback.	
Motorola KRZR Battery.	
It was bad and she wanted a new one but didn't know what to get.	
I don't recommend anybody to buy the cable.	
And they required to send the phone again.	
The color display is so-so but I've enjoyed using the free software from the Sony Ericcson website to turn my photos into wallpaper.	
I'm thrilled to even realize that.	
Is it worth [it]?	
Plus the phone is less likely to slide out of a pocket with the added weight, width and texture.	
Great phone.. This phone does tr job.	
I went with this one because it was free.	
Back to the phone.	
It is not what I expected for what I was going to use it but it works.	
Also, bluetooth functionality consistently froze the phone when pairing with computer or headset.	
not a good fit.	
Nothing to say other than always look for the best deal with these.	
Terrible mouthpiece - if you are not talking directly into the mouthpiece, your listener will not hear you.	
I get about 2 weeks worth of use on one charge, that is awesome.	
It has a small adjustable comfortable over-the-head setup with a smaller type ear cover that fits well on the ear & blocks out outside noise.	
I find the headset quite comfortable, albeit not perfect.	
But I tell you, its the best case I ever owned.	
Just like another reviewer said - play with it and you will probably be able to get a comfortable fit.	
This case is very thin and form fitting (as the name implies), and I removed all parts of the clip so it was even more so.	
It's also not the one in the picture (note there is no embossed logo).	
I've been looking for a device that would allow me to actually charge my iPod with AA batteries, not just extend the life.	
then i find out amazon will not will not back up there products after 30 days.	
Then the voice commands do not work, it does seem to understand what i am telling it to do even after I programed it to.	
So I decided to return everything, yet that's when the real problem began.	
it works great just add a sd card and rock on.	
Reception JUNK!.	
I was scepticle for the price but this case is perfect for me.	
I love this headset.	
That's because it takes as input the wire that connects the telephone handset to the telephone base unit.	
We attempted to activate the phone for 10 days.	
I'm pleased in general.	
Only bad thing about is clip protrudes out too far and rubs your skin raw, you have to move it around frequently to prevent from hurting yourself.	
The ear pieces are cheap and uncomfortable.	
Don't waste your money.- Programming keypad (the only down arrow key can be reprogrammed)- For almost everything (ringtones, apps, etc.)	
No two products could be more different in quality.	
Product shipped quickly.	
It can handle and is fused at 20 amps.I have two.	
The glue that holds the clip to the case separated.	
It is Very good!	
I am thoroughly satisfied and highly recommend doing business with them.	
Well, it's scratched and scarred a bit, but it still works just fine.Well, I'm one of the masses now, no longer a cellular Luddite.	
This case is a perfect fit for the phone.	
Nobody can tell the difference when I make a call with or without the headset	
However, the shape of the ear piece made it seem impossible to jerry rig something myself, and so it went back to Amazon.	
I would recommend anyone to get them for your phone if you don't want to spend a lot of money on other covers.	
Carrying case.	
In its original condition, this headset was not functional for me since it wouldn't stay in my ear.	
Phone model advertised NOT supported.	
And the sound quality is simply superb, IMO.	
This is the worst headset I have used.	
I have to return it for a refund because I cannot Sync by pressing the button on the dock, but if I use the cable by itself, then it works fine.	
If it were to fit, I'm sure it would be a great product.	
Few Language available.	
i made a 30-minute call to a friend and i was charging it for a whole day without any use, it was down to only one bar (out of three.	
You can easily rotate the earpiece hook to switch from left to right and vice versa.	
And IT WORKS ONLY TWO TIMES.	
LG Data Cable.	
Or you would have to buy the docking station or a charging station.	
That was mistake number one.	
My iphone does not even fit in.No problem with the vendor.	
Good overall, but has some wind issues.	
Still a sleek and powerful phone.	
NOT SO UNLOCKED PHONE.	
I'll buy another in a heartbeat!!	
DO NOT BUY - WILL NOT LAST.	
I couldn't wait to get it.	
I got this battery to replace for my cellphone, it works like a charm and the charge lasts over 5 days with minimal use.	
Also her texts do not work properly, the time stamp is often incorrect and sometimes she doesn't receive the text message until hours later.	
So, I gave it a shot and this blue tooth headset is really awesome!.	
But, if you're like me and you want a good quality phone with reasonable features, then check out the pantech c300.	
Often I would flip it open and the screen would be completely white.	
10 meters my @... It's no better than the icombi.	
this phone is DEFINTELY not for you.	
The cable will develop a bare spot near the device connector end and short itself out.	
This thing is a ripoff!	
However the battery allowed the phone to turn on once, but it would not recharge.	
this faceplate is so cute!	
It broke on mine the very first time I sat down in the car.	
This was great for the PPC 6700 made by HTC.	
Sound Quality.	
I got far more unpopped kernels with that brand than with Act II.I have overpopped Act II popcorn, which generates drier popcorn.	
I received the blooth and charged it for over 3 hours and when I use it the bluetooth cuts off on my conversations after five minutes.	
I'm 50/50 right now as to whether I will return them or just try to deal with it.	
And the picture has problem also.	
the technical details are awesome but please read another review somewhere else for that!later	
It is not replaceable or repairable so the whole case is not useless.	
I was travelling for work and in the rush to make my flight, had forgotten to pack my chargers.	
I tried both Jawbones and this is by far so much better and more comfortable.	
Sound quality is good, some people say I sound far away, I'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq, we'll see if that helps.	
Yeah the phone itself is ok, but the real problem with this whole offer is ordering through Amazon.com, as noted by another review already.	
You have to keep it separated from the Palm.	
This case is fantastic.	
Great Product!.	
Great Quality.	
My first bluetooth headset was I think a motorola.	
I believe this may be a simple hardware issue, but I'm not about to look into it.	
A GOOD bluetooth is one that the receiver of the call cant tell your using.	
Good sound.	
PRODUCT DISASTER.	
I have had it a couple of weeks and it holds a charge very well.	
I also did not realize my blackberry does not have voice activation capability, so the extra money spent for this feature is wasted.	
Super buy, shipped pretty quick, even recieved the all important tracking number.	
FANTASTIC !.	
This may be my last Amazon purchase.	
At least i got a replacement.	
got this in the mail yesterday, havent used it to much but so far so good.	
The problem with most screen protectors is they leave a lot of bubbles when you put them on the screen, but the JAVOScreen is different.	
You won't even get crystal-clear voices.	
The driving mode is also a nice touch, although, people find it hard to hear me on the speaker phone.	
I will admit the design of the phone is nice, as is the lcd.	
After I upgraded to a motorola my signals were 50x better.	
Sprint fix is to do a hard boot or replace the phone that is equally as bad.	
Super cheap, super flimsy.	
!...I called several wireless carriers and all wanted me to pay big time to own this phone; EVEN T-MOBILE!	
I have not removed the protector to clean it yet, so I can't comment on that feature.	
Maybe the pending litigation has something to do with their new promises to re-enable the features.	
Great case; thin material which means less bulk.	
Menu is a bit slow, but overall, phone is very functional.But watch the Amazon rebates on these (T-Mobile rebate is fine).	
Backround noise and not very clear.The worse part was that the unit fell off the visor every time I took a turn.	
I expected and received an excellent product.	
My goal was to not bring a laptop to class for taking notes.	
Cord is thin and light but seems sturdy and flexible enough.	
I thought I was going to faint at first because I had to pay $100 for this phone since it wasn't a contract she's using it for.	
Don't waist your money ... when I bought this item there were no reviews.	
Samsung WEP200.	
Packaging was correct, item was not.	
I need about twice that.	
It's just a cable, but a needed one for my phone; glad it works and that I'm having no issues using it.	
The menus are intuitive and you don't even need to refer to the manual to use the features.	
This charger works just like the OEM for my T-Mobile Shadow.	
Supertooth II microphone volume too low.	
I guess it is this way to protect your hearing.	
Reasonably priced.Con's,1.	
The end effect is that the screen has a 3D feel to it, but it also feels like you're watching it through a pair of red/blue 3D glasses.	
And you can't do much in the way of transferring pictures, contacts, ringtones, etc.	
The keyboard locks into place for lap-typing, the keys are big and easy to type with, it's small and has its own zippered pouch for protection.	
No sound with 6131 (v5.5 firmware) either.	
I HAVE TURNED OTHER FRIENDS ONTO ATT.	
My search continues.	
Great Service.	
I took out the SIM, put in another one (when I got home) and it still wouldn't charge properly - kept cycling on and off.	
I opted to keep my old phone for an extra month so I wouldn't be missing calls while trying to figure out this new phone.	
An excellent choice.	
I needed a special device in order to make it work with verizon.	
Wouldn't Recommend.	
After learning this case had been discontinued, I bought two on Amazon.	
Does not work with the iPhone 3GS.	
Great Product, Drops Calls.	
; So, for example, any European or American pay-as-you-go sim will work.	
But not this one!When I'm in a call, the reception keeps dying within a few minutes.	
Definitely try out Vonage.	
I was highly disappointed that it did not have speakerphone or voice dialing capabilities... not to mention bluetooth.	
Awesome product!	
They're totally unprepared for the job.	
Vast upgrade from an early model Motorola V3 I had been using.	
First the darn thing would not fit in my ear properly.	
Amazon does not sell the latest model, nor does it inform of this.	
All in all ... A great and simple case.	
The phone would not allow itself to be found (even though it was in discovery mode) unless I turned the car off.	
Works Well.	
This is the second one I've bought so we have one for each of the cars.	
Disappointed.	
Motorola is BAD and phone is DEFECTIVE DO NOT BUY.	
Until then, I can not recommend this product.	
Motorola cigarette lighter adapter for Motorola phones.. I am very satisfied with this purchase.	
Had it now for nearly a year and everything works perfectly.	
I'm very happy with this case.	
I guess it can be a little uncomfortable but hey it comes with a ton of ear hooks and buds so give them a try before you decide its not for you.	
I have written to the company, but they have totally ignored my complaint.	
The one I received in the mail is that of an imitation and the product is made in China.	
Item recieved NOT as pictured (Not at all).	
Sony Ericsson W950i Travel Wall charger works great.	
Screen protector?.	
I have Dell manufactured internal bluetooth card installed in my laptop.	
I would say BT headsets in general are best for listening to pure audio since there is nothing visual to be in sync with.	
This one is almost perfect for the Tilt/HTC Kaiser.This magnet version is better than the velcro one.	
I finally bought the extender to hopefully improve my one/two bar reception.	
Terrible case for the HS700.	
High quality, works very well, can not believe theprice but then, it is from China	
Only gave it 4 stars because I'd love it to come in a lot more colors to match all my handbags.	
The Monthly Plans are Crap.	
Mine was used, no doubt about it.	
Lo uso en mi Palm Treo 650 y es mejor que la que trajo de f&aacute;brica.	
Ear piece volume and clarity is fine, but this product is worthless to me if the person on the other end of the line has a hard time hearing me.	
I will be on the phone and it will randomly turn off.Dont get the phone.	
Don't Buy This!.	
Guess what?	
I got my computer to detect it, but I was not able to send any images or files to it.	
This item is so compact and it works great.	
Keep looking.... I bought this because of the physical design.	
Love the phone, service needs lots of improvement.	
The phone looks and feels cool.	
Aside from this it is a great phone.	
I ordered it through Amazon and the order was fulfilled by a different company.	
I purchased in August and it worked very well.	
This is a poor fit for the Katana.	
Before 3 months passed, both fell apart.	
Get what you pay for.	
You have been warned.	
I charged the battery and after two days of not using the phone, the battery was dead.	
Does the job, sounds good.. I've been using my Samsung WEP200 for a couple of months now.	
Later I founf another charger I purchased did not work with the ZEN either, but the replacement charger DID work with a Sansa MP3 player.	
First let me tell you that I am an engineer that looks at detail and have worked with mil spec requirements for a long time.	
Selling used batteries would be OK if they were identified as such.TR	
Learning Curve.	
I purchased the zBoost yx610 directly from Amazon because of their return policy.	
They were easy to start using and work well with our cell phones.	
They sent me two fake devices.	
I tried two Motorola BTs (H371 and H700), then this one, because of all the great reviews.	
nice improvement.	
I'd like to be able to group them together.	
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!.	
Better than the CS55.	
Not Impressed with this case overall.	
i love nokia but this phone sucks.	
Product came in time, but did not work!	
looks nice.	
Trust me I have had many phones and headsets.This is a good headset regardless of the cheap price.	
It is made of aluminum and is destroyed just like aluminum.	
Who wants to do that?	
Not sure who to blame.	
for some reason i got used headset in a new cover.although it was the lowest price in amazon for h500 headset but now i know the reason.	
T-Mobile salesman told me the X475 was far superior to my old Motorola C332, which DID have voice dialing!	
Apple is selling these thngs for $40 dollars.	
I have had mine for around 4 months and the prongs are destroyed.	
The main reason I am writing this is the dishonest service I have gotten from Virgin Mobile.	
I really like the leather and the quality of the workmanship.Will buy from seller again.	
The product probably works fine, but unfortunately it doesn't fit the phone it was advertised with.	
I also ended up with 2 of them when the first one was bad microphone per fellowes.com tech support.	
I use them both for phone calls and for listening to audio from my compupter.	
The style is also good, the frosted back gives it a nice clean look.	
You should also..you will not be disappointed..	
Unfortunately, the retracting mechanism doesn't work very easily.	
They Keep Geting Better and Better - Treo 600 Sprint.	
My joy at having found such a cool product turned into disappointment as I read about the similar experiences of others.	
I purchased the unit with the auto lifter approximately three years ago and use mine every day at work, a lot.	
The charger is really bad, after a couple of week, it fall from my bed to the floor and it will no work, the height was 30 in, really bad product!	
It works great and I don't even need an ampleflier	
sound quality unacceptable.	
The case fits well and after a few days it seems to stretch a little and the button problems seem to go away.	
The phone was nice but it or the service dropped called almost every time I made a phone call.	
Although it doesn't have a camera or the top of the line gadgets, this phone is reliable.	
as for the i305 - it's the complete opposite of the i205 (but the battery like is aout the same, very short).	
It is by far one of the best cell phones I've ever owned.	
I purchased this phone because it is smaller than the wider frame of the RZRs but it is still well built and contains all the same capabilities.	
Not Worth It......Color Wears Easily.	
Helpful Battery.	
Also purchased a s9 headset got3 hours out of that.	
)Yes, that is my only qualm.	
worked with my 6103.	
Piece of junk.	
i have long nails (most of the times) and sometimes my fingers slips and i type something else.	
I bought this phone after lots of rave reviews.	
Instead, you have the option of downloading ringtones at the price of about 3 dollars which only last 90 days on your phone.	
It may be stretchy, but sometimes not long enough to use and charge at the same time.	
Poor design.	
Battery review.	
The image on the site was of relevance to a Cingular phone which is different in dimensions.	
I bought a USB cable to try to use the phone as a modem.	
Comfortable, easy to pair, affordable.	
It dropped calls on a regular basis in my hometown.	
But after only one month of use, I noticed there was no sound coming from the right side speakers.	
Very poor design!	
It should have been more like a Address Book or something.	
and I'm stuck with the thing for another year!!	
This V3 dropped calls like no manana.	
The phone is a little bulky compared to comparable flip models but that really isn't a big deal.	
A couple of months after I bought this, the retractable cable mechanism broke, leaving me with a cord that was tangled up inside.	
So I bought another $20 corded phone (29318GE1) and the cs50 worked with it, but the other party could not hear me well.	
Lasts Long, If Treated Right.	
that's the only gripe I have with this camera...er... phone.	
Got hot the first time I plugged it into a converter for my trip to Europe.	
Best Stereo Bluetooth... Better than few Hign end headphone.	
The phone is difficult to use.	
As someone else posted	
Beware of LG Phones.	
Camera not working!.	
I think that it a phone problem due to all the issues I have with this 755p but I do not know for sure yet.	
I was planning to use this around my dorm but the walls are too thick, so the wireless is completely pointless.	
It was such a let down.	
My only concern is when I have to keep it in my pocket.	
No matter how you set it, the device squeezes your ear.	
It doesn't add any value -- doesn't make the phone easier to carry or use, doesn't add significant protection, or do anything else.	
It's Very easy to use, but the files end up being VERY large.	
The software its a mess.	
Label states that it is for a 600....it doesnt fit a 650 as well as I thought it	
I will have to buy a new one ($250.00) or pay the $50.00 fee for the SAME MODEL phone.	
There is no use for this, other than cosmetic.	
not as easy as it sounds.	
This review is not for the phone but for the horrible service Amazon provides.	
The Galaxy S3 is a great phone, but its finish is very slippery, and the phone is too easy to drop.	
I first read the review for this device in Barrons.	
Overall, I believe it is a good phone, but I do not recommend paying some outrageous price to have one.	
It would be nice if it had an LED indicator that it was connected as some other units do.	
I would look for a higher end battery.	
655 headset.	
Well, I think I am one of the lucky ones that still has their original Q after 7 months of service.	
For example, my phone the Motorola W385, does NOT support the MultiMedia Studio.	
I don't know what's going on with mine.	
This sort of bugs me because I use tasks a lot in Outlook.3.	
His phone fell out and broke in half the second day he had the new clip.I would have rated this item zero stars had it let me.	
Don't waste your time or money.	
It was sent to me as a replacement phone by my insurance company.	
I'm glad I didn't pay $20 for one in the store.	
This is my first set and I'm satysfied with it.	
The belt clip is another story.	
Good combo phone ... but.	
With the purchase of this product I am now able to access many uses that I formerly was unable to access on my phone.	
They have many purchase plans to choose from, and it is not too difficult to do the math and determine which one is right for you.	
Jawbone went back two days after trying it out, by far the worst and most expensive.Give this one a shot do not let the low price fool you.	
boxwave stylus.	
I bought two of these.	
I recently received this item and I was pleased that the retractable cable is a steel wire, which looks pretty robust.	
I also purchased a w810i, and while the phones are similar in function, it also came with a 128MB Memory Stick Duo, USB cable, and software.	
This is PERFECT...it is the ONLY iPod accessory that I own that actually fits my iPod Touch while it's still in its case.	
I use it to charge my phone at work when it's low on battery.	
The Good - Small and light weight with good color displays.	
Two stars because I "suppose" it would work ok had it come with everything intact and I did finally get it to work with a back-up plug I had.	
Shortly after that, the phone couldn't recognize it was closed.	
Orange sherbet and vanilla ice cream!).	
The cell pouch pictured is much better than the one shipped from AccessoryOne.	
Also, it is not easy for me to remove the Treo from the dock.	
Very fun!I've heard people say that they don't like this phone because of the "obnoxious lights" and "annoying ringtones".	
Since the device does not allow for battery changeouts, it does limit the time between re-charging.	
I am amazed that this phone has always been offered cheap, because (in my opinion) it outweighs many other phones that cost hundreds more.Exterior	
Very good headset.	
I thought this was going to be great and I can't stand it.	
I also love the key slot, when I go running I hate carrying my keys.	
I love the on/off switch, now I never have to reach for the phone at all.	
And if you wanted to do anything while wearing this you had to be careful!	
The outside the ear design works great for me.	
I guess I'll just have to keep my land line or move.	
The volume and power keys are harder to operate than without the case, though.	
If you have a nokia that has these compatiblities, then you definitely need this cord.	
Then oly thing worth a buck was the car charger.	
Still working on getting the voice dial to work without disconnecting the call, but I kept the short information sheet provided with it.	
Its essentially like having an ipod nano (if you buy the extra 4gig pro duo card).	
This product is garbage, so don't even consider it.	
In spite of the thinness it's solid and comfortable to talk on.	
I charge it about twice a week with EXTENSIVE usage.- sure beats having wires or having to hold the phone.	
Remember, it is a CELL phone, not a CAMERA phone.	
It was the strangest thing I've ever seen.	
Great because it doesn't add bulk to my already sorta large smart phone.Has a good grip that helps too	
Especially the camera.	
Great case for the Katana DLX.	
The price from AT&T is $30 each.	
Granted some of this is a result of the Cingular network, but I have been very dissatisfied with the phone.	
The icon for doing this is grayed out.	
Its a waste of money.	
Belkin Tune Talk.	
Forgot how good this battery really was.	
I don't understand it and I honestly wish Motorola would recall these because this is not a fluke.	
I also like that it's compact without being overly fragile.	
my friends would be so so so so so so so jealous	
I haven't found a con yet.	
we lost the charge of an old cell phone and bought this one from Amazon.	
They don't sell replacement pieces, but did offer to exchange it.	
But I'm giving this one 5 stars because as of June 2006 this one is reliable and is undoubtably the loudest headset out there.	
I tried it with both my iPhone and my computer for VoIP.	
An adhesive pad allows you to place the speakerin a convenient area on the car.	
Instead, they list "*Restrictions Apply" at the end of a paragraph.	
Great Case.	
These little ear gels transformed my Jawbone Icon from something I wanted to return, into a brilliant little bluetooth.	
The case is very nice looking, well constructed, and serves my purpose well.	
I had a sony ericsson before which had a nice feature of 7 days calendar.	
What a waste of money!!!!	
Magnets on the case are a little weak and so is the belt clip.	
Does a fair job.	
The car charger fell apart after 2 days.	
It also saves you from hunting for a wall outlet if you're tapped out.	
This item works great when your at work and dont have a house plug close by because you are able to charge it on the USB off the computer.	
All said sound quality out of my phone is decent and it comes with a 3.5mm adapter to plug into a laptop or ipod.	
Being a writer I have had wonderful help fromthem.	
I ended up buying an adaptor and using the old phone's charger.	
I switched to Cingular from Sprint because of the increased national coverage.	
Great case.	
My wife and I have been using the BlueAnt Interphone as a rider/passenger intercom for a few weeks now.	
That's not the problem, but I realized that Nokia is second to Motorola when it comes to quality.	
Ecellent service and very fast and expedient.	
I have tried numerous headsets to see if they match a wired one in sound quality, including numerous Motorola and previous Plantronics sets.	
When it worked, I enjoyed using it.	
The headset is light weight, easy to use, reception is clear & the people on the other end don't complain about clairity.	
Be careful you don't damage your headset jack.	
Unless the person is speaking very loud or has a deep voice it is very difficult to hear them, even with the volume turned all the way up.	
Can't control the brightness.	
The install was horrible.	
Will keep you posted, but not impressed so far.	
Paying $24.99 for a 200 dollar phone was the best deal that I have seen this year.	
Then the same problem started happening again.	
The second (Jawbone) couldn't be carried easily when not in use, and got repeatedly crunched in my pocket until it wasn't functional.	
As Amazon was offering a great deal on it, I and 2 of my friends bought it together.First friend's experience:He is happy with phone.	
I would not suggest buying it.	
Does'nt work well, i had the early version of this product[mobile phone tools] thah worked very well.	
Always be prepared.	
It is very comfortable to wear -- so much so that I use it with my cell phone and then with my IP phone once I get in the office.	
But, the worst part is they games are only demos.	
I had read about how AMAZING they were - and thought they would make great gifts for my techie brother and my audiophile dad.	
(the black one that is, not the silver)	
Indeed, the noise cancellation feature works very well.	
I prefer to keep my phone in my pocket and got this phone because its so thin and light.	
For the product, I have to say it does what is does well.	
product as advertised.	
I found this headset and it works great.	
Sturdy leather and snaps with a firm click clip.	
This was my best loved buy from Amazon.Com.	
Great Buy!.	
The time has come.	
If it's set to vibrate and you have it in your pants pocket, you may not be able to feel it.- Address book sorts via first name, not last.	
I beleve that both devices serve their puposes very well.	
I just wanted a sturdy phone with good quality sound and good reception.This phone is it!	
It fits comfortable on the ear and does not pinch or bind.	
Not bad for a free phone.	
Had to charge these independantly.	
Often this involves, powering down the device and removing the battery briefly, then powering back up.- bluetooth headset woes.	
the real thing at a good price.	
However not all the holes line up perfectly making charging to be somewhat difficult.	
However, shortly after I purchased it, it became very hot, and started to burn my face when I used it.	
Most importantly, the cable doesn't work with Nokia phones, the company claims it does, but Nokia's drivers can't read it.	
I needed a replacement charger for my phone.	
It sounded awful!	
My previous phone was a Nokia 6600.	
That was a week ago, and I have not heard anything back.	
When I received this and opened it, it looked and felt kind of cheap.	
(THis is with the light settings, alert settings, volume settings, etc.	
The price is too good to be true.	
i have been happy with this purchase.	
I got this from a company called Globalizer.	
Come on guys!!!!!!	
Works but useless in the car.	
Sadly, I bought two of these.	
I haven't tried the hard restart since it would wipe out my entire Contacts list.	
great item.	
The beach bike path almost always has a sea breeze, and on many days it gets pretty strong.	
With people I know, in the past couple months I've heard of three iPhone screens shattering.	
BR50 Motorola &#34;NEW&#34; Cell Phone Battery.	
Good one.. grab it.	
I'd rather buy a writeshield and cut it to my desired size rather than get this horrible product that cost just about the same as the writeshield.	
Subsequent events give an audio alarm but never show up again on the calendar.	
Then you have the microphone (which can be attached to the sun visor or yourself) and a connector to your phone.	
Motorrola Wall Charger.	
I know I won't have clarity that of Sprint PCS.	
Not a very good phone.	
ESTE STYLUS NO ES PARA HTC 9100.	
Works great.	
It's got volume controls on the back, a mute button and an adjustable folding mic.	
After being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.	
first bluetooth headset, no complaints.	
Cheap and flimsy.	
Once opened, the battery was simply unplugged and the new one installed.	
Most of the apps on the phone showed this sort of behavior.	
My previous phone that was 2 years old was lighter, but I had to consistenly pull out the owner's manual for info.	
The battery life isn't good either - just about 2 hours.	
I received the Battery fairly quickly.	
I chose this headset after reading all the reviews.	
Either way, the headphones should maintain the same volume as the music.Overall, I'm satisfied and I wear these headphones at work.	
If not charged at night, will die the next morning.3.	
I switched back to nextel from cingular wireless last week, and I got this phone with my new contract.	
I received a real Sanyo battery, just like the original.	
I ordered this with my phone but never used it.	
Everything else was good...	
The product arrived undamaged and the first time I slipped my 810i in (very tight fit) the seam split up the side.	
)I've used a Stowaway keyboard for my Palm for years.	
Just like in some other guy's review.	
I priced these on other websites and chose this for the great price so I came out a winner all around.	
How the phone turns out.	
To begin with, Boxwave didn't ship for several days after my order.	
Actually, I work in an office and wear a suit all day so there really is no physical labor or stress on this holster.	
Motorola T305 -.	
The only other way to do it is online and it is VERY expensive to get all the pics off the phone.	
Shipping was very fast.	
The hook up to my phone was easy.	
Nokia could not get me a charger to fit my Tracfone nor tell me model number needed.	
The only problem is the exterior light blinks every so often and when you are using at night (in the car), you can kind of see the light blink.	
THE BEST PHONE EVER!!!!!!!!!.	
I think this is a great solution!	
The next month was over $350 and the next is back to $240.	
Don't be hard of hearing.	
I bought this car charger for my cell phone to keep in the car just in case my cell phone runs low on batteries when I need it while out and about.	
Better than most cases for me .	
The phone looks good with this case on it.	
I owned a Nokia before and I regret that I "betrayed" it.	
When I ordered these replacement batteries I was somewhat apprehensive.	
The ear hook bends in any direction so you can get a custom fit.	
I was disappointed when this arrived.	
not a good headset.	
I must say for consideration I have only owned this a few months.	
Almost every time I try to pair them up the headphones cut off.	
NOTHING is cheap or easy.	
If you believe these make your phone work better then you probably find the stripes down the side of cars make them go faster too.	
For anyone who uses a bluetooth capable phone this is a great headset.	
DNL is a very nice company though, as there was no issue what-so-ever with my refund.	
Not really satisfied.	
What to say, this battery is shipped 'Bulk' - i.e.	
Lithium Ion Battery for Audiovox CDM9900.	
The first battery was losing power all the time.	
This Case is Money.	
My wife's phone will no longer sync with PocketMac, RIM's supported sync application for Mac.I had very high hopes for this phone, and for T-Mobile.	
Now told problem is widespread and will not send another item.	
I'm currently using this with a Cisco 7962 business telephone and a Palm Treo 650 cell phone.	
I purchased this bluetooth headset after researching numerous options.	
Use it for V3 only.	
External caller ID and time display, check.I think the reception might be better than my K9.	
The Phone Dies About Once a Week.	
very frustrating that it didnt' work - twice, but on the other hand the company was very responsive and good about getting me an exchange / refund.	
Love this thing!.	
Lets you close the phone while using the camera.2.	
I'm not sure how someone can sell the cases for a penny each, but for two of them the $8.00 shipping wasn't bad.	
), and free shipping, so I gave them a try.	
Very nice product.	
Jawbone wireless headset.	
Now whenever I try to use it if the move the cable even the slightest bit the left speaker cuts out, very frustrating.	
More instruction.	
After about 10 minutes I tried it in a different tape player.	
But the Travel Mouse didn't come with the keyboard.	
Receiving parties say clearer than the Motorola I use it with (thanks to built in noise cancelling).	
Very light, recharges very fast.The bad:1.Have to recharge it still!!	
Because soon after this happens, the phone completely gives out (in majority of the cases).	
There is a newer model available but from what I read it's not quite as comfortable or easy to wear.	
My boyfriend now has the service and he loves it as well.	
I don't know maybe they fixed that problem..I ordered two and for 2 cents, you can't beat that!	
Not worth the time or money.	
UNFORTUNATELY...Their reception is very bad.	
Didn't work.. The bluetooth didn't work with my phone and it was a pain to return.	
It works, or worked.	
Don't buy this one.	
So buy it for a phone only.	
I was thrilled when I first received this Bluetooth Speakerphone.	
no for the sexy people!	
Best case option for the Treo 650.	
I can easily type faster on this than the tiny weenie phone keyboard like the TREO and others like it.	
It's comfortable, and I wear it for hours at a time.	
they are even grainier than the photos I took on my Sonyericsson T300!	
Phone from Hassel Free.	
Buyer Beware.	
A bit disappointing.	
I bought a set specifically for my PS3 and online gaming/chatting, and I must say they work great.	
I bought this item along with Razor phone.	
I hope to find one that can last a bit longer.	
A very nice product.	
This is my first phone.	
Samsung has much better camera features on some of its other models.The phone does look nice and it is pretty durable and well-built.Bottom line	
this is a great product and i love case and with a sceen saver you are good to go.	
The phone book	
A great phone but too pricey.	
surprisingy, it worked.	
I tried to contact tech support, but received no answer.	
Great sound, but won't stay in your ear.. What good is a good clear sound when the headset won't stay in your ear?	
I recently purchased the BT320s.	
if dirt or grime get in there it stops working.	
You can not take out the battery or SIM card once you installed it.	
I needed a new charger for my older Nokia phone and found it at a great price thru Amazon.	
This is orginal equipment and work fine like the charger that came with it that I LOST SOME WHERE.	
Except after I recieved the reconditioned phone, I got the same messages as my sister would on the SCP 200.	
Spend an extra few dollars and buy something better.	
I have used many phones but this is the worst ever.	
Cannot Sync & Not easy to remove it!.	
2 Separate ones won't Charge-DEFECTIVE.	
I must say it fits really well, also it has a better hand feel with it on for this some what balky phone.	
For me, after extended wear it becomes uncomfortable.	
In fact, before I returned it this morning I set up a few numbers for distinctive rings and speed dial.	
Cheap and too small for my Motorola V557/plastic.	
They are pretty light and fit comfortably around my head.	
The people that I am talking to can't hear me well and I don't hear them well.	
so I can not pair it with my celphone.	
I was going to check my mail box which was about 50 yards away from my phone and around the 30 yard point the conversation was broken a bit.	
Palm has lost its way.	
The "browser" is based on an old version of IE.	
I bought this on Amazon to upgrade my Motorola Bluetooth, but am very disappointed.	
works great looks cool.	
Then it finally charged.	
Excellent - works great with LG VX8300.	
Not noise cancellation, but it is okay.	
I put this piece of junk away and will buy a better, more reliable piece.	
People can not hear me when using this bluetooth and I bought it because of the multiple line, which I have not try yet.	
Replacement for an original years old Treo 650 battery.	
Second, Bluetooth is horrible technology.	
Do not believe the negative hype but do not expect full bars in places you had no bars you will get most likely one bar.	
The built quality felt really cheap to me and I believe there are only 6 preset frequency that you can use.	
Charges just fine but pc won't read player therefore I am unable to transfer songs onto the player.	
It is holding up well so far and I am very happy with it.	
Works with lenovo Penabled X201 Tablet.	
It's a sticker.	
It came fast and it works just as well as the old one!	
i want that.	
I received this headset loose in a plastic bag, along with the instructions and the charger.	
It's also cute and small.	
The volume can be turned on VERY loud.	
The USB Data Cable does not work with the LG 8700.	
Will do business with the supplier again in the future.	
I also have trouble sometimes with my cell phone not charging when I plug it in.	
They did (kudos to Best Buy for replacing the product, even if I got it for free), and the next one didn't even work.	
Worse than a watching Ishtar!.	
the case protected the phone, since the phone did not get damaged or scratched, but the case itself needs a protector to keep it intact.	
I cannot complain about the Plantronics Explorer 330.	
Cellphone... Meet Mr.	
It came in the Nokia packaging and in perfect condition.	
This is a poor Sprint phone, full of crackle and echo.	
There's no lock for the camera button on the side of the phone.	
I had received one as a gift, and thought so highly of it, I immediately bought a second one for my wife.	
Other than that, if your looking for a phone jsut to be a phone, I would definatly recomend this one.	
Came quickly, great product, and they fit perfectly over my phone!	
It is ridiculous that I pay the shipping and send the phone and they return it doing nothing and say nothing wrong with the phone.	
land mines?	
This headset is light, comfortable to wear and easy to set up.	
I asked him if I was doing anything wrong and he said that I wasn't and that they had seen this problem from other users.	
Great, fun phone, but North America use only.	
This is great for me, because I work and go to school and am constantly shuffling files back and forth between the two and home.	
I forgot just how long my phone could go between charges until I installed this battery.	
Leave it like that for a few days to drain the batteries.	
Limited to 8 phones - free software updates for only 6 months.	
I just got this headset and it won't charge or turn on.	
The best PDA - Phone combo yet.	
It was shipped quickly, and fully charged.	
Great little Razr case for exceptional price.	
After wearing it for about 10 mins or so my ear would hurt so bad I just could not keep it on.	
Pretty bad for such an expensive item.	
I just wish it had a sync button like my Palm T5 had.D	
I thought this would be a good case and keep me from placing the H700 in my pocket again.When the case came in I placed the H700 in it.	
Contacting customer services wasn't helpful at all.	
I finally turned it off.	
This is the only one that will execute the dial function automatically when you get through entering the phone number.	
I've been using it for over 3 months and I love it.	
Works fine with my KRZR and RAZR.	
first off they ship like snails and the company was located only and hour away.	
My replacement V300 is only 6 months old and the hinge inside the front flap broke.	
You start loosing your signal at about twenty feet in clear line of sight.Cons -1) Size - Unit is super tiny!	
BATTERY BAD.	
This headset will not permit anything to contact the back of your head.	
I am sooooo impressed... and happy of course.Based on my experience I do recommend this product.	
For $10 dollars what do you expect.	
I find it reasonably comfortable, dispite the size, but I only where it for 1/2 hour max.	
I am very picky about bluetooth headsets and have tried around 15 of them.	
A must-have accessory for mobile Internet users, or for those who can't get good cellphone reception where they travel.	
I never had that many in the two years I had my old Samsung!	
Logitech Wireless Headphones for MP3 - DO NOT BUY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE!!.	
Who knows - but I need a new travel phone...	
There is no way to put the phone holder together.	
i plugged it into the charger to see if the little light on the outside would turn on, and it did, starting to charge.	
If size matters, then treat my rating as a 2 star.	
THe neatest thing is the color.	
The first two were maddening	
Its signal reception is mediocre and it suffers from a weird combination	
I'm going to do my best to fix it cause I really like the way it works.	
Again, not the reason I bought the phone, but is a nice feature.	
First off, the phone would not connect to the network.	
If you don't turn it on, you can't turn it on after the phone rings.	
That being the case I went and purchased a different brand from a local store and its been functioning very well with no issues.	
For other users i don't see how you like it anymore it is just to much a waste now.	
Most people call their top 5 people for 80%-90% of your minutes (prove it to yourself and check your bill).	
I am very impressed with this case.	
A high quality Motorola OEM part.	
Not the same charger.	
I wish I would have read some of the reviews on here before I did so.Yes, the phone has music capabilities, to an extent.	
A great way to DESTROY your Sidekick.	
This is an awesome deal for the money!	
Great phone, great price.	
the bulk part feels like it's easy to crush or pull the wires out by mistake.	
I guess these are throw-awaysOn removing the earbud covering I note that my good 1301's have three holes per bud while these have six?	
Tried to contact seller prior to purchase to ensure I was purchasing the correct battery but did not receive a response.	
We bought him one too.	
Lost the first one somewhere--maybe under the seat in the car.	
The wallpapers are okay.	
bad quality.	
The bundled earphones are sublime.	
LG CU500 Extended Life Battery.	
I wanted a decent phone that could also grab my emails off of my server at work, keep my calendar, and allow me to occasionally surf the web.	
garbag phone.	
The battery worked correct, but still noticed that the phone 'low battery' alert went off almost the same amount of time my old one did.	
i was order ear set for nextel phonebut i was get regular ear set.	
hate the results.	
Once I did the initial connection with the PDA, it automatically syncs as soon as I unfold the keyboard.	
In the meantime, I am looking for something better.	
This item is listed as being a NOKIA BLD-3R Extended Lithium Battery For Nokia rated at 3.7V, 720mAh.	
The audio quality of the receiver is very clear and plenty loud enough.	
Highly Recommend - Check eBay for Better Deals.	
So I called the customer care center, and quickly realized that their people cannot understand or speak English.	
Motorola MOTOROKR S9 Bluetooth Active Headphone.	
Of course, when you don't have service, you don't get the internet access either.	
I get just about every other word people are saying.	
And this air/static sound can be heard loudly when the volume is only at 3 of 5.	
Great car speaker!.	
So beware, if you use your own headset.	
It can be a little hard to hear the people you're talking to on the RAZR.	
Thus, the iPhone is unable to determine proper lighting conditions.	
For whatever reason, I found myself pairing and re-pairing the unit way more than I should've been.	
I would highly recommened.	
When I whispered, my voice was not even recognizable, unlike in the ads.	
I want to buy one more for myself,but the price went up.Very good phone at the price.	
WELL the one I bought on Amazon is exactly the same.	
I do not know how the product actually performed because I never got to use it.	
this contributed to issue number 1 but also made it difficult to hear your called party.	
I have been a T-Mobile customer for 2.5 years and I have kept my original Motorola v60 that entire time.	
cell phone charger not fit.	
Case/Cover for Blackberry 8700.	
I strongly reccomend this product.	
Guess what!	
I highly recomend it!	
I was able by combining both to make 1 adaquate cell phone holder.	
My last bluetooth could be worn all day and I would forget I had it on.	
I think it was a faulty charger that shorted out both phone batteries and also fried my SIM card.	
I don't recommend it for the razr V3m.	
Even nicer would be an upgrade that allows full audio with the "VoiceCommand" software (this is documented in many other reviews).	
We called the Plantronics and they said the battery is good for about a year.	
Now, I own this device and I love it.	
This is the good product to feel the music.	
!Do not get a RAZR.	
poor sound quality.	
There are more intermittent software bugs than you can possibly tolerate.	
most smartphones have 16 to 64mb.	
Terrible quality on each end of a conversation.	
The Best Motorola phone I've owned.	
And when the volume was increased, a high-pitched whine resulted.	
I thought my headphones were broken, but Motorola person I called said this behavior was normal.	
Good Phone.	
antronics MX150 Flexible Boom Headset with 2.5 mm Plug.	
(I checked the volume!)	
The slightest touch will make it come out.	
very poor volume for the other person.	
No doubt for the price of the "real" one you can afford to try a couple of times!	
Nothing lie the picture it's ugly in person I returned it and bought something way cuter and this looks like its hard its not	
Lots of short-cut keys.The camera takes quite good pictures, although the video you have to get used to.	
Not powerful.	
My Opinion.	
I want to start by saying I am electronic Technician for a large university in Indiana.	
Call quality and speakerphone performance is also very good.	
I ordered from this company and received a bad earpiece.	
This was a terrible buy.	
I suspect it will become very hard to get soon.	
Inferior & Dangerous to your $Pocket!!.	
Amazon is a bit expensive, since it is only (...) in the AT&T store.	
repeat offender.	
Ok, I know I said that the Sony Erricson s710 was the best phone that I have EVER had.	
!Gonna Get!.	
It was always a task to get it around my ear quickly, and even then it did not feel secure, although it never did fall off.	
Tom / Chicago Suburbs.	
I can still use it to hot sync my data, but the wires simply wouldn't stand up to use and, as to the charging device, won't make the connection.	
I wish you could choose 0 (Zero) Stars.	
Won't hold up with a lot of use!.	
BUT this phone has more appeal than 800i and has better more smooth graphics.	
First, everything runs sluggishly and it takes a long time to do anything.	
Battery is Original Equipment Specifications, charged and functions fine, problem was cellphone.	
The speakerphone made popular on the SCP 4900 is also included here, allowing easy hands-free.	
If I have phone on belt and headset in ear = STATIC.	
It is hard to beat spending $2 on a head set that has lasted 5 years, I bought a few more just to have around and on hand.	
highly recommended.	
Luckally that happened to the first one I had within 30 days, the second one I got by return lassted slightly longer and now has a dead screen.	
I was a little disappointed that the earpience part was not fully covered.	
The color screen is wonderful; I can play game in my cell phone.	
This is a practice that is very common with Carriers like Sprint, Verizon, and AT&T.	
Customer service, when you can actually get through to them, is incompetent.	
easy to break boom and ear connector.	
Oh, and you need "Their special cord" or it wont work.	
VERY CLEAR, Light and Comfortable.	
BUYER BEWARE!	
lack of quality control.	
A LOT.3)Just plain ugly.	
I am unhappy about the clip mainly because when it broke my phone his the cement and chipped the corner.	
If any prospective buyer checks on the web, this phone has OVERWHELMINGLY negative reviews.	
DO NOT INVEST MONEY IN THIS PHONE..	
very clear, lightweight... the ear piece takes some getting used to in putting on one-handed.	
travel charger.	
The biggest issue is my son is now 15 months and everytime he sees the blinking light, he wants my blue tooth, so I can't wear it around him.	
I close the mouthpiece and it is shut off.	
I missed everything after the first word."	
I was slightly skeptical about buying a non-branded battery, but the price difference is just too great to not give it a try.	
Buyer beware you have a 50/50 chance it wont work.	
So pleased.	
This choice for less than $20.00 works super.	
Just shipped mine back this week for two reasons.1.	
a bit disappointed.	
It has great sound and is comfortable, reliable, and has great battery life.	
Great Deal.	
Ehn....bad product.	
I bought this package mostly because I wanted the car charger.	
It does come with three different size interchangeable earpieces.	
I'll never buy Motorola again!	
Depends on what kind of user you are...... Well.. is difficult to explain, but let's start - FIRST 	
unfortunately i couldnt wait so i cancelled and ordered the silver razr.they took away the free overnight shipping and my (huge) $5 discount.	
But the problem is with the sprint customer service online as well as in the stores.	
It would vibrate at random times for no reason, and the camera image became completely distorted so I could no longer take pictures.	
The devise has a few shortcomings.	
Easy to use camera, even though low picture quality.	
And the price was suspiciously low.	
What else could I ask for?	
Usually have to shut it off and 'reboot'.It is basically a piece of junk.	
All you have to do is send me an email asking for a referral.	
Simply state the command "Call" and the contact "Home" and the dialing is done for you.	
Best transmitter I've ever used.	
The button is indistinguishable from the rest of the phone, but it has a small arrow engraved.	
I purchased three of these batteries and each one would not last through one day in standby (not making calls) before it went dead.	
These cards are reasonably priced, but make sure you get one with the right memory and the right connectivity setup for this phone.	
Like the instruction book coming in French only, and British spellings on some of the stuff.	
The battery is not as good as the original.	
But after numerous drops and abuse it shows its age but still works!	
I read the reviews for the Body Glove Ion and went out and bought one.	
Has place to pass thru belt.Perfect.	
and find it works just fine with that or with my 4G classic iPod.	
It's a normal weak user interface Motorola phone.	
Edge network is fine for text related websites.	
Razr V3 OEM software.	
The hard drive is very small which only allows for about 25 songs to be stored.	
The pictures and video are alot of fun but if you are buying a phone to actually talk to someone, stay away from this one.	
It's on par with ost headsets, but I have heard better.	
This one works great so far.	
When not next to the box, there was no improvement at all.	
It's All True.	
This item is worth the few bucks (after shipping costs).	
I just bought this phone to replace a broken one and much to my dismay it doesn't have wireless web or text messaging capability!	
The size is perfect because it does not feel like I am carrying a gun on my belt holster.	
This is a terrible product.	
Falls short.	
Extremely power hungry.	
Excellent service with the seller.	
does exactly what i needed it to do/what it says it does.	
non-technophile friendly.	
I'm going to try it biking as well, but have read that the performance is even worse biking.	
My HTC-s620 phone is about 2 yrs old.	
Great buy and outstanding value.	
I had a tough time trying to find an adapter for the LG phone that allowed me to connect regular headphones to it.	
Buyer beware... do not buy Sprint.	
Works fine.. Had my doubts about ordering an item like this on the internet but after receipt of the item, I found it works great.	
I'll be keeping a couple around.	
The Nokia 1100 phone I bought is defective.	
Though it is the only Bluetooth Headset I've ever owned I can't imagine one that works any better.	
Thank you Amazon!	
Let me quote:Thank you for contacting Product Support.Jabra does not have a repair service.	
Works wonderfully.	
Device Has Limited Uses -- Tech Support Horrible.	
good but not quite.	
Nothing you can do about it.	
Case has been great, but the "multidapt" clip stinks!	
Has no discernible effect whatsoever on cell signal, regardless of where placed in vehicle.	
A better solution is to get an adapter and use your favorite earbuds.	
happy.Then, a few months later, something went wrong with the hinge on the second phone.	
This one tries and does a good job.	
Furthermore, the instructions for the blackberry are completely inadequate as are the online help options.	
Very nice style at a very nice price.	
Sounds Quality is very Good, Good Price.	
highly Disappointed in it.	
Video, pics, clarity, comfort, volume, battery life, email (pics, videos, etc.)	
But maybe i just got a bad one.	
The only thing is that you may have to reset the phone if you run several applications...I guess due to memory leaks.	
not buying them, in my opinion, would be .. for lack of a better word... dumb.	
)* The camera quality is impressive.	
Probably the best smartphone for T-Mobile (Edit.	
This product is fantastic.	
Otherwise I strongly recommend looking at other phones, such as the Samsung 335, which easily slips into your pocket without being noticed.	
All in all I love having th phone.	
MONSTER RADIOPLAY DOES NOT WORK!.	
I repeated this process and came up with the same results, only this time the phone would not even come on once I plugged it to the charger.	
why would a "designer" or an "engineer" do that?	
If bulk bothers you, maybe the 330 or discovery 925 or 975 will do the job for you.	
looks great at first.	
Big things in small packages.	
This seller is the best!!!	
As strong as the weakest link.. The pouch is very handsome, the magnetic clasp is nifty, if a little bulky.	
They also report that the phone is not insurable.Phone screen broke for me 2 days ago - rendering the external screen useless.	
that depends on your headphones and not of your adapter	
I wish I stayed with Verizon.	
That alone would not have warranted a 1 star rating.	
RAZR V3 Vertical Pouch.	
As good as they look, they still need work.	
I had meant to upgrade when I first bought it.	
Still Waiting.. I placed the original order in late October.	
The sound only came out of one ear when plugged in.	
Hi,I upgraded to this phone last fall and I have been disappointed ever since.	
J&R includes a (paid) bulk adapter to fit american standards 	
Worked fine all the time.	
Unless the phone was in shirt pocket an intolerable amount of static on the recieving side occured.	
ANY other distance is exactly no changeat all.	
The company has since told me they sent the correct product (and that it was delivered to my home).	
There's no way this is a one-hit wonder".Motorola RAZR V3 is the best phone of today, and it is too much in demand.	
After using it for a few days, I have no idea what it is these folks liked about it.	
Steel wire!.	
There's only a couple crunked out ghetto ones.	
In addition the back cover is a cheep piece of metal, instead of plastic which it should me.	
This is a great phone.	
First OneStopWirelesshop is totally incompetent.	
It simply does not work.	
I love these headphones for working out.	
Customer service ???	
I recorded my voice at several speaking levels and played them back, and then repeated the exact same test on my cell phone without the headset.	
Whoever I'm talking to can hear me very well, too.	
This is a great headset.	
I don't care how much you pay for one of these type of cord, they should all work.	
Any body that complains about speaker volume probably did not get their update.	
The other complaint is I can't get the earplug out to change it to one of the different sizes provided.	
Buy the Sidekick II or Motorola Razr if you want it all.	
I recommend this line of products to anyone with multiple electronics to keep charged.	
Great addition for your phone.	
Originally even though I could hear well, I was either not heard on the other end or my voice had a lot feedback.	
Love paying fees, especially to recover regulatory costs.	
Not worth it.	
We can give them airtime in advance.	
The Little BlueAnt that Could.	
Holds most bluetooth headset when not in use.	
The keys are a good size with just the right touch.	
Nextel needs simplier documentation.	
To answer, say 'hello' a couple of times; to not answer, keep yer yap shut :) the wind noise is not recognized as voice and the call is not answered.	
It did, however, fit my ear well and was comfortable.	
great sturdy case with strong magnetic closure leather is good qualitywhat more is there to say?	
My main complaint is that I had to deal with amazon in getting it.	
The phone felt fragile.	
I've tried other wired headsets and they either fell off my ear or made it sound like I was on speaker phone.	
Oh, there is one pro (lol)--> the design is not bad, cute.	
I miss classic games like Snake or Tetris anyway.The camera is much better than I thought it would be.	
Still worked.	
Yes, that means it takes even longer to scroll through the phone book.	
The funny thing is, i'm not exaggerating.	
Whether it was from a sigh or just during the normal air release from talking...it was very annoying.	
I have a Jabra Earset for my Nokia and Ericsson phones, and its the best earset Ive tried!	
(yes it was old but worked so well I wouldn't trade it until it died).	
Many problems.	
Great Price.	
Worst Phone Made.	
Initially, when I read the instructions I thought it meant that it couldn't be functioning with more than two at a time, which makes sense.	
The cross-platform usability is such a hassle I never bothered going through the steps necessary to use it overseas.	
How inelegant.Yes, I would recommend it and would buy it again.	
I use a lot my cellphone and their charge long last!	
Many feautures, quality and great reception.	
mixed feelings.	
For other customer, please verify the condition of your merchandise.I am not happy because of it.	
Useful cell phone.	
its like the razor and the blackberry had a baby.	
Very trendy, but also a pain.	
I am a lawyer and am trying to use this unit with my blackberry.	
Battery o.k.	
Too bad the reception is lousy, otherwise it would be a great piece of technology.P.	
Thankfully, I am under warranty so the phone was replaced.	
I ordered two batteries for two Blackberry curves.	
You would be hard pressed to get a good one anyway given the quality of the assembly.	
Impressive.	
wen i bought ringers, and the volume was on high, they were very distorted.OVERALL - I REALLY LIKED THIS PHONE.	
I was very happy with this cable.	
They got parts from different phones and made a "brand new" one.	
Thanks a lot!	
then give a name not even close to the name I ask it to call.I'm very frustrated with this device!	
If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message, it took days, or maybe didn't even come at all.	
This fitted leather case has a stiff back and cannot fit the Q with an extended battery.	
The phone has a great screen, basic features, and camera works well.	
What I especially like about it is that there is a clear vinyl window that goes over the screen of the phone.	
I've had this phone now for a month and it has not given me any problems.	
Volume goes up pretty high if you need.I use it with my computer.	
it's a very good headset sound quality is excellent but the ear attachment piece that's optional is poor quality.	
I think that is a case of false advertisement!	
The sound was ok, the bass was very weak compared to the stock LG headset.	
If you have it on at night you worry that airplanes will land on your head.	
All in all, I am very satisfied with this item.	
It never came close to falling out- it passed the head tilt test and the bend over test.	
One caution though	
My handfree headset ended up in the trash without reservation.	
The features in this phone are very user-friendly when compared to the horrible Sony Ericcson that I had before.	
These are not the answer to Jawbone Noise Asason.	
My other minor issue is that this case does not offer additional room for the myriad of accessories one might have.	
A stylus that actually works perfectly on Palm Pre!.	
don't believe it just buy it and see!	
The only thing that bothers me is sometimes if I don't have the headset in my ear properly, that inside piece irritates my ear.	
buy only if you need the leather cover.	
Arrived in a few days and really improved the quality of the sound in the headset.	
I paid the unit 400$ on ebay, I tried to discuss the issue with a corporate office sales relation person in Canada and they say I had misused it.	
Paired with my Samsung phone easily and the menu recognition works fine.	
Battery Does not Work.	
I am however upgrading my phone even though I have not had it for more than four months.	
Phone is solid, rebate criteria not.	
Yet the picture plainly shows a NOKIA BLD-3 battery which is rated at 3.7V, 720mAh.	
The signal in the room with the extender unit was no better than the two bars I get on a good day.	
Easy to use, good voice clarity, good reception where there's GSM network access.	
I hate this phone with a passion!!!!!	
Sound quality is pretty good.	
Nothing we could say would make them rescind the charge.	
It appears that Wireless Technologies has mislabelled an entire shipment of this holster.	
A lot of people have complained about it.	
Sometimes it sounds a little staticky but my calls are clear enough for me to hear what is going on.	
Must have a been a problem with the first one.	
I like the fact the clip is removeable.	
It's as simple as that.	
When I tried, it 's not working, neither the cradle, neither the aditional battery charger.	
The call and disconnect buttons are the oposite of the motorola!	
This Phone is So Nice.	
This was the show stopper and why I picked the Nokia BH-800 instead.	
But the clip is not exactly strong.	
Great Device.	
When I used the word "hell" in frustration I was told that they wouldn't use language like that as they want to "remain professional".	
I agree with some of the posts that the design is not robust.	
Yes, it is wireless, and I can use it with our VoIP phones.	
The car adpater is a nice piece.	
)The second big problem was when I tried to purchase a custom ringtone from the VM USA website.	
Next time, I will just stay with the silver color if this phone needs replacement, the additional cost for the color, in my opinion, is not worth it.	
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE!!!	
RMA ACCESSORIES is bad business.	
The RAZR front screen is not the typical little motorola blue/gray clock display.	
It didn't seem to have the same volume as the 320 & 330.	
Unacceptable.	
The fat eraser end does, but it's no better than a finger really.	
I bought 2 of them, tried them on a RAZR V3, a RAZR V3XX, and a SLVR and neither one of them worked.	
Since D&G designed the phone there are some misspellings in the English lol (like dialled calls, personalise for example).	
I've paired it to my phone (Palm Treo 650), my laptop (Dell Latitude D620) and my fiance's phone (Samsung SGH-D807).	
Besides, they are the ones who should be treated with suspicion for marketing a product with defective software that expires after only 30 uses.	
I buy it and it is so apparent the this phone rocks.	
my only other complaint is that it lacks a password protection feature for text messages.	
I looked at other neoprene cases, including some which you install over the phone (and therefore keep on the phone as you use it).	
The phone will NOT connect to the pc.	
And for people with large ears it's not the easiest to put on, but it's VERY light.	
I was excited to get this phone but boy was I disapointed.	
FYI , i ordered two of these phones, D900, and they both were defective when pushing the send button.	
It's small and comfortable and the battery life is just right.	
Keep a spare charger at your desk, for cryin' out loud!	
Great Buy!!!.	
You can tell by the other reviews that this headset works and pairs easily with most phones.	
There is no phone number on the Boxwave site.	
!Wish I could honestly recommened it.	
I am planning to donate this to my brother.	
Are defects or problems with this unit so common as to cause tech support to always just immediately recommend a return?	
No matter how long you charged the battery, the screen became black after a few seconds.	
Worked well for a year until I dropped it and the part that stays on the ear broke off.	
My 2.0 version would no longer update.	
The "backlighting" doesn't stay on long enough, and the screen is difficult to read in light to begin with.	
This kind of screw up is typical with United Parcel Socialists.	
Lives up to expectations.	
Number of channels is extremely limited and you have to have a very good reception (i.e.	
It's small enough to carry anywhere and it keeps my earbuds from snagging on things.	
Intuitive controls for volume up/down, redial, voice dial.	
I am hearing impaired and use a cochlear implant.	
Then I would have to apologize to the caller for all my hassles.The sound quality wasn't worht the hassle.	
COunterfeit Battery --- this time from The OEM Shop.	
Why did I throw packaging away...	
The Ultimate Performance.	
It was a Plantronics unit which had a cord and which I needed to unplug should I want to leave my desk.	
Good sound quality.Could do better with sound volume but it is generally adequate for regular conversation.	
29.99 for 181 days.	
Big shortcoming- Volume.	
And it's pretty, too!	
The duplex sound is incredible and the volume is fully adjustable on the unit as well from your phone.	
Downloading files and viewing websites was a fast treat.	
Would not recommend.	
It works great, and costs much less than at a local retail store.	
It's quite a bit more expensive if you buy the phone straight out (I paid $269), but just about worth the extra money.	
Good cellphone!!!.	
I finally put the old battery back in and haven't had a problem since.	
I do find it odd that Palm did not make the spring strong enough to tighty close the unit.	
Hopefully it will get better, since I have not really used it that much yet.	
Most of what you're paying for is the camera.	
No calls to tech, no returns.	
That's sort of poor for battery life.	
*"supports voice dialing"... great but how?	
The promess phone.	
I truly haven't found even one thing wrong with this product.	
I use this headset for both my cell phone while I drive and for Xbox Live.	
I don't know if my form was missing some information, or something was mistyped - no idea at all what happened.	
The old battery has worked well for 3 years and was starting to lose battery life.	
Too expensive for the price.... The ear piece makes a weird noise everytime I use it.	
I searched the internet and have found many other people saying the same thing about it suddenly dying.	
This product is totally cool...I even got a signal in the basement of my building where I never got reception before!	
Good Basic Phone.	
I called Sony for repaire.	
I've already replaced one memory stick and any MP3's that you want to play will drain the battery to where the charge will not last the entire day.	
Just check ebay, these things sell for a fraction of the price there.	
Great -- for nine months.	
It is sturdy, has a very strong flip.	
The person sitting next to me put their hand down to adjust their position, and voila!	
Poor (very) volume for driving.	
It then charged back to full in less than 5 minutes.	
Works great with a Win2000 notebook.	
I have a couple complaints about button location and the light/flash on the camera.Pros	
Works just fine.	
I was SO excited to purchase this unit because of its claim of noise cancelling.	
If you insist on buying this I would go ahead and by a 2nd for a backup for when the first fails.	
the only thing I didn't like is that it doesn't have a spare battery charger.	
full length movies), games, browse the web, schedule your appointments, etc.	
This phone is a piece of crap and driving me insane.	
This is very low quality.	
So again, I'm not sure why this "new" battery only lasts about a day and a half.	
The item pictured is not what gets sent to you!	
Great value Ipod Travel Charger.	
This did fit the need I had.	
A small headset that is wireless and it didn't look like a studio headset.	
This technology has been mostly disabled by Verizon.	
Used it for a custom audio box that clips on to my belt.	
These are some decent headphones, but if you use them they WILL break.	
Got this headset to replace the Explorer220 that I lost somewhere.	
I don't trust it will stand up.	
Oh, the Flash isn't supported?	
My laptop Windows XP did not recognize the Motorola disk.	
It's battery life is almost pathetic though.	
It would be nice if they included instructions!	
Sony Ericsson Cigerette Lighter Adapter CLA-60.	
Not the correct battery.. I ordered a replacement battery for a Nokia 6555 and this was the battery that came up in the search.	
I returned it promptly.	
It charges quickly and keeps the phone going much longer than my Motorola Li-Ion Extended Main Battery did.	
I would have to close my windows and turn down my radio a bit to make sure they could hear me.	
Sony Headphone and Headset Adapter.	
After I tried it, I bought one for all of my employees	
I'm very pleased.	
Sometimes it might work sometimes it won't.	
Initially when I opened the box it was very impressive.	
Somethings aren't too good to be true!	
I think this phone is a decent choice for someone who is wanting a very basic phone to talk on.	
Of course I'd never try to do it on purpose, but say you're walking and the wire from your headphone gets caught on something.	
The keyboard appears to be of average quality but does not work with Windows Mobile 6 at the current time.	
This is worthless phone.	
Palm Leather Belt Clip.	
I had to go through the install twice, it stopped in the middle the first time.	
I will be looking into Samsung or LG.	
did not make this clear in the listing originally.	
Very happy to have found this.. Comes with a screen protector and a wipe cloth.	
Considering the area I live in it has exceptional reception.	
I had already download the software from the internet prior to purchasing the cable.	
does not sync.	
Both of mine broke after a few weeks of use.	
I priced this item at diferent shops in the area and couldn't have gotten a better deal.	
Brand - Motorola - famous for cell phones.4.	
I would get it if you only needed it for indoors.	
I've heard that if you use DL-5 batteyr instead of DL-4 that comes with the phone, the battery life increases.	
Only complaint is the led light is so bright,that it is blinding when using at night	
It refused.	
I tried several different bluetooth headsets that my friends have, most noteably the Motorola HS850 and H700.	
This is the worse so far.	
I'm reasonably computer literate, and I found that the CD and software that came with the phone was terrible.	
Despite the poor quality of photos I still give it 5 stars because I think it's that good.	
A simpler interface would have been better, in my opinion.My last complaint is the time it takes to actually answer a call with the device.	
DIDNT FIT QUITE RIGHT.	
Each night I take the days battery out and replace with the extra.	
Big disappointment.	
Great phone, better than blackberry.	
The Treos look nice and all, but I want a 12 button keypad to make my phone call.	
I use Cingular and I love my phone.	
They just said our signal is too weak to boost.	
This prevents that by hiding the cord well behind the end table, so that it's easy to take on and off.	
Poorly designed.	
Rename mp3 to 3gp, copy to micro-sd, then copy back to phone memory.What really killed the deal for me was the reception though.	
Unfortunately, you could not use some of these features in the U.S.	
The buttons are big.	
Hopefully, I won't have to resort to buying the bulky Jawbone...	
Simply amazing	
The service with Sprint at least in all the places I have gone thus far has been FANTASTIC!!	
NOT for all Nextel phones as advertised.. I have the Motorola Nextel i880 and the data cable would not fit.	
Adds more thunderous punch to the low frequencies of music and boy I love this feature.	
Turned it on....5 bars!!!!	
What needs to be considered is that it uses a very small, very lightweight, li-ion battery, which some reviewers may not be used to.	
I sent them back and requested more and they were worse.	
I'm considering buying a Samsung again.	
It's a 5 keystroke process to turn on bluetooth on the phone, then you have pair up with the headset - a 2-step process - it's a royal pain.	
The quality is good and the belt clip seems to hold the phone securely.	
So after a bit of investigating, I discovered the phone has 8MB of internal memory most of which is used by trial applications.	
Perfect for adding BT to hackintosh.	
I realize that it could be just a single defective one,but, of the three other reviews, only one person out of four of us recommended this cord.	
Very satisfied with it.	
Good sound quality, easy to use, mute works well and these have far outlasted several, much more expensive headsets I've owned previously.	
Those of you with this cradle know what I mean.	
Would definitely protect the phone from accidental drops and other scuffs and scrapes.	
Cingular has reliable service!.	
I got this phone for a back up and it's not even good for that.	
Title says it all.	
Follow all of the battery-extending advice you can find.	
It's very flimsy, too	
Doesn't work for my purposes.	
I expected the phone to start on fire or blow up for the price I paid.	
Manufacturers are putting better and better chips into phones but I think they're running up against the realities of very tiny optics.	
I just received a used e316 and it works great... it even has a color external LCD (pics!!)	
sound system is so bad,it fell off the ear when you swet,joggoing,or running.	
This is not actually for the L7c... the one that I had shipped to me was for the L7... buyers be careful, it may not be worth your time or money.	
I've dropped my on the pavement at least half a dozen times and once had to snap it back together after what looked to be a fatal plummet.	
Case OK - Could be better since it is OEM.. The Case fits tight and gave me problems by pressing the buttons on the side.	
I use it since the first day I got it.	
Great service.	
I did, got the exact same case for $2.99 and FREE shipping.	
I'm on my 3rd battery.	
Texting is slow.	
This battery charges and holds up very well.	
2. can barley hear the caller at the highest valume.	
I suppose you get what you pay for.	
Slow Inet Acess.	
The unit constantly sticks in the cradle and sometimes causes minor difficulties in getting a good sync.	
This item works as anticipated.	
The only thing this phone cannot do is make my coffee in the morning.	
Another drawback is that battery life is drained quickly.	
The SDA has those problems plus a poor reaction time when leaving and entering coverage areas.	
The phone seams to never correctly clip in.	
Started the search for CHARGER FOR BLUETOOTH HEADSET CAR CHARGER FOR MOTOROLLER H710 and the item ended in the search result as compatible.	
Don't Buy for Blackberry.	
The original stays in and pops out when you press it's top.	
data cable.	
Everything else works e.g.	
You can't beat that!	
I figured that the Motorola T305 couldn't be any good because of the low price and the size.	
Results were really good for me.	
Fell apart within 2 weeks.	
My phone was shutting off randomly even with a battery that was indicated to be fully charged.	
Product Great but Seller is Shady.	
Little plastic bit broke off the spool, so it wouldn't retract fully any more.	
The description of this product should make it very clear that if you cannot disable the auto-reverse, do not buy this!	
It is great if you can't afford blue tooth.	
Get one like the above Motorola.	
Headset Problems and then some.	
The new battery does not last even one day.	
your's might be different.	
In January of 2007, the headset stopped working as I was making a call.	
Great Phone.	
This tape adapter is a piece of junk.	
Check ur cell phone specs and BT version.	
I was really excited that it came with an Audio Streamer allowing it to hook up to pretty much any device.	
After a 2 week wait, it arrived.	
I would just skip it.	
a little bigger than i expected, but not bad at all!	
I asked a question and it was answered by the next day.	
Get what you paid for.	
Battery is good, at least 5 hours.	
About the only really useful feature is the ability to back up your phone data to your PC in case you ever need to transfer it to another phone.	
On the first press, the ringer volume is displayed (i.e.	
I used to own the A120s Bluetooth adapter and it shorted out.	
This is why I am looking into returning it.	
rock and roll!!	
-- and I liked it so much that I got one for my husband!	
The windscreen is great too for the microphone.	
He is decent with electronics and even he was not very satisfied with the lack of description or lack of tips if you have difficulties.	
Wonderful product.	
In addition to this, dust accumulates in both the front screen and the inside screen.	
I have had mine for 3 weeks and there is no paint chipping or keypad damage.	
Gets hot in use and seems to be cheaply made.	
genuine Motorals battery.	
At full price, I'd still be annoyed but probably would've bought the battery anyways because I needed one.So far it's working fine.	
But beware, neither one of these companies appears to care much about their customers.	
the text messaging is pretty easy, it spells out the word if you want it to.	
It only took 2 days to get the battery.	
An incorrect cable was sent and, over the last 3 weeks I've been trying to get the correct cable.	
Better technology and quality can be bought for the price of this junk.	
I would totally recomend them!!!	
fit for elephant's ears!!.	
I'm ordering a new one with the clip.	
I live in the middle of a big city and i dont get reception in my own house.	
But mine hardly ever crashes.	
Which they do.	
This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.	
This phone is doing okay for me granted i've only had it for a few days.	
"Aside from that, everything else is great	
Delivered in a timely manner.	
I have download the latest software updates and it fixes some things but has caused other random problems.	
The last statement doesn't apply to the Nokia 6101 though.	
They may luck out, and get a battery that works well at a bargain price, or they may wind up with one that has little or no ability to hold a charge.	
Great case for the Katana DLX.	
MP3s and pictures are stored on the included half gig memory card.	
Excellent case!!.	
The first Dash didn't work so my T-Mobile business rep ordered a replacement as a buyer's remorse"" so I'd get NEW equipment and not refurbished."	
It really is nice, fits phone perfect, and is durable.	
The phone fit like a glove.	
I haven't used that side of the phone for about seven months.	
This phone doesn't even come with a standard ringtone.	
ratcheting swivel Belt holster for motorola razr v3.	
Very Uncomfortable.	
of conversation.	
Shipping was very fast.	
Good phone, needs a couple "adjustments".	
And it doesn't take a while for the scratches to appear.	
I always felt like I was going to pull the 2 portions of the phone apart.	
Defective or does not work for Sanyo RL-7300.	
Comfortable to use and the clarity of sound is truly excellent.	
This is very annoying and something I have not experienced with any of my other cell phones I have used over the years.	
this was recommended to me.	
Thats where my happiness ends.	
Biggest complaint is no WI-FI3.	
BEWARE - What a phone if you cannot listen..... What a phone if you cannot listen what other person is saying.	
I've lost 2 of the earpieces and am lucky ive still got the 3rd.	
I bought it beacuse I needed to switch the earpice with 2 Bluetooth phones, a Cingluar 8525 and a i875, constantly.	
Even after opening the facemask they still thought I was in a car.	
BlueTooth means no more paying for ringtones or wallpapers.	
I have to shout in order for them to hear me.	
It is rechargable with a pretty standard charger and it comes with one.	
I have been using my T-Mobile Wing for about 5 weeks now, and I am very pleased with it.	
I purchased this headset for use with my Motorola T720.	
It would then reset and connect to the cell phone.	
It is available from Samsung for 5.95 I believe.	
The RAZR came with like 3 times as many AND a bunch of standard non-music ringtones.	
The price was cheap.	
I work 12 hrs shifts taking calls continuously and this is the best headset I have ever used.	
I will then follow up with a law suit against this company for selling a false product under false pretence.	
I really like this headset.	
Great purchase, arrived quickly and have been used with no complaints by my staff with very little adjustment period.	
O well maybe I can get half my money back on ebay.	
Even from the beginning the battery case wouldn't stay shut until I taped it down and now three months later the headset broke down.	
Drops a lot of calls.	
I can't believe it already broken in just one week!!	
Forget having to seek out a WiFi hotspot that may, or may not, be an encrypted pay-as-you go arrangement.	
Unwilling to admit that the phone is incapable of actually doing what it is supposed to do.	
Does the job.	
And the Company doesn't specify their return policy online- hmmmm wonder why.... Garbage.	
GREAT PRODUCT AND SERVICE!!!!!.	
No more hunting for pay phones.	
I purchased two, and the other one was the same flawed design.	
Trust me, it's not.	
It seems to me that the mechanism is very weak.	
i would have been annoyed that I spent [alot of money] on a phone and still had to go out and buy a car charger.	
I previously owned a Plantronics 645 which I liked quite well, but it came time for a replacement.	
I have used three other types and this is THE BEST!!	
The only problem is, everytime I use it, my customer asks me if I'm talking to them.	
Excellent battery.	
sure it fit but it was not the battery listed and thus not the battery i purcahsed.	
However, this item contains a major design flaw.	
It was a little tougg to apply but MUCH easier than the Zagg I put on my wife's iPad.	
I will highly recommend Verizon Wireless with a Droid phone any day.	
Not the correct Skin.	
Works Great, But Read the Specs!.	
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.	
It doesn't allow the freedom to flow between hands free and not... I hate that.	
where do you put the card?.	
I have 6 of these devices.	
I followed the directions for installation meticulously.	
If I kept my iphone in a belt case it would probably be just enough.On top of this, I experienced the opposite of what some users have written.	
Palm Tx wall charger.	
But, it is better than N71, and much better than any Samsung.I hate to say this but I guess Nokia is so mean to its customers.	
many times if the phone actually rang thru for me to recieve a call it was either choppy or dropped all together.	
I use this every day.	
If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message, it took days, or maybe didn't even come at all.	
Want to clear up some complaints.	
Buttons are manageable.	
Where they had to be transferred to be able to use those features.	
RINGING -- not the little set of tones you get when there's an incoming call, but the ringing you get when you're calling someone.	
My first full charge lasted for over 10 days.	
Jabra Gels.	
The standard Razr battery was a always a dud.	
Get the 2.5mm to 3.5 mm adapter at Verizon VHS25-35MM for 4 bucks.	
I also have a BT-110, which uses a AAA cell that has much longer life and can be removed for recharge and/or replacement.	
However, I've been using it vigorously for a month and remain pleased.	
I.e., daytime, evening.	
It would be a good holder.Regards.	
Also the design is cumbersome.	
Works well with the LG VX8300 Phone-Volume a little low.... These headphones work well with the LG VX8300 Cell.	
My A500 sounded more like the phone would in your home, where the E317 sounds like you are talking to someone through the computer.6.	
They secured themselves around my ear pretty well and I did not feel they were too big.	
He takes all of the calls for our company on this phone and dispatches them out on the 2-way radio on this phone.	
After some testing, I determined that the battery no longer goes for more than 8 1/2 minutes of talk time.	
Only good news is that it sounds pretty good as a basic headset thought a little quiet.. Final opinion a big waste of $120 + tax.	
It looks nice and fits well.This is the protection you need for your Note to help keep it safe in everyday use.	
Highly recommend this phone.	
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I just got it the other day & there must be something that bugs me that I haven't found yet!	
It took several attempts to get it working.	
I was opening mail.	
short-lived excitement.	
It fits the phone perfectly, and even leaves appropriate holes for the ports, LCD screen, plugs, lights, microphone, speaker, etc.	
This screen is HUGE and the color is exceptionally well!	
its been out for several months, so the price has dropped alot.	
It will keep my Blackberry safe from being knocked around and dropping it.	
solid product - works wonderfully.	
sound should be lounder!!.	
And you have the option of downloading any song you want...if you need something even louder!	
I give it one star because of the poor quality.	
New battery for my headset.	
Itchiness and all!EDIT Jan 2, 2012When I bought this price was around $44.	
The noise reduction makes the sound quality better when using the bluetooth than when just using the handset.	
I needed reception near my computer and near my bed and I placed one of these simple systems in each of the rooms and it works well.	
great product.	
It worked great, had no complaints from anyone about the reception on the other end.	
simple and nice - this is a very good product - I do reccommend it based on my purchase - thanks.	
This has "Skype certified" on it, so I thought I'd be in luck.	
It's easy to wear on your ear and forget it's there.	
After reading the reviews here, I decided against buying one of these batteries.	
Good idea, but too impractical.. While looking pretty cool in the abscence of a &quot;case&quot; this clip is simply not practical.	
I'd say if you have the time to deal with such a complicated phone just because it looks good, then do it.	
doesn't have a function for Vibrate and Ringer.	
While this is the best device available at this time.	
I'm diggin' it!.	
I really looked forward to using it; sort of put a damper on buying refurbished items.	
I'm not a technically inclined person so it is simple to use.	
I really liked it and it served me well though constant use and abuse.	
Thanks Plantronic this was a GREAT BUY!	
Using it when playing GT5 online.	
this is a disposable cell, this cell has a lifetime of 3 month, i got to buy another cell.	
I'd pass on this one at any price.	
Not worth it, try another.	
Decent Bluetooth For The Money.	
It is EXTREMELY light and somewhat slimmer than my original batter which makes carrying my phone around with me much nicer.	
Great quality.	
The BH-800 understands my commands closer to 90% on the first try and 99% on the second try.The JX10 was comfortable in my ear without the earloop.	
Sorry, Motorola, nice try though.	
So they referred me to take it back to the Verizon store that I had bought it.	
High quality sticky substance ensures that the label stays stuck on the packaging.	
I have always known that one of the problems with being a pioneer, is that you end up with a lot of arrows in your back.	
Glad we found this old buddy reasonably.	
This greedy company does not even wait for you to activate your phone.	
It came as described and works fine.	
Where other phone works fine, this shows 0 signals and does not work at all.	
I don't know if I got a lemon, but I sent it back and just got a reg.	
I'm very disappointed that this problem exists when this phone is ordered through Amazon.	
I'd been trying to use my Palm III in the hospital for a year with only minimal success.	
There are not enough adjustments to fit it properly to the ear.4th.	
It was right there at Amazon, the first place I go to now.	
Anyway, immediately after the incident I parted ways with cingular and vow to never ever again try them out.	
Absolutely great picture,sound quality.The phone is great.There is no problem with signal too.	
DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!.	
We bought a Sansa MP3 player for about 50 bucks less than these and he used that for music instead of his phone.	
(I used to apply vinyl graphics to glass in my career, so I know how to do this stuff...) and this was just awful.	
Overall the phone isn't too bad...BUT...the volume is horrible.	
Simply not worth the time or money.	
When I need handsfree the most, driving in a car, the 850 lets me down hard.	
The dealer is posting a misleading advertisement.	
I would try out a less than expensive model before purchasing one with the hefty price tag.	
The flip face place is a nice add on to the Versio phone.	
If you are less than one foot away, it works great.	
Did it and got an email stating they had received it and a new one would be shipped to me.	
Very crisp and clear lcd screen.	
Unfortunately, the phone was a lemon.	
The reception is wretched.	
The audio levels, both incoming and outgoing were fine on the AT&amp;T phone.	
Cell Phone Battery.	
I would have to readjust every time.	
I received my bluetooth so excited.	
In my previous review, below, I said this was a great battery.	
I sent the first one back to T-Mobile after it kept freezing on me (just like a computer freezes) and they gave me a refurbished unit in exchange.	
I installed some pocket-pc games that keep me entertained in some lazy times.	
In my opinion, this case isn't made well enough to trust putting an expensive headset.	
While pulling out the plug the ear bud broke off.	
The title says it all.	
I don't know whether It has reached its lifetime operation limit or not, but what am I to do with 18 months or so still remaining in the contract?	
Good ear piece.	
This is the best and the ONLY bluetooth headset for driving in a convertible that I found.	
It's a simple, sturdy, phone that is easy to use and charges quickly.	
Returned the item.	
This thing rocks!	
I've had this phone for 7 years now, and I love it.	
I had the extended warranty and had them exchanged 3x until I finally got something else.	
Mine was actually the exception - and even then, the sound was not great, more like "barely intelligible".	
Ease of use is a easy.	
Xtra I think are 10 per day.20 /30/50/100 top cards for when you run out minutes.	
I highly recommend.	
When I gave my zip code, it says the service is not available in my area.	
Very clear, very comfortable to wear.	
If you wear glasses most of the time like I do, this headset will not be comfortable for you.	
My old battery doesn't last long eventhough it is fully charged so I thought to buy a new one.	
Also, I really like T-Mobile, their prices and their costumer service.	
I just don't want to seem pretentious, walking around with this in my ear all day.	
Of all technology I have purchased over several years has been (at least in my case) one of the most useful items I have ever owned.	
Unlike AT&T; and other wireless vendors, Cingular has not released BlackberryOS 4.x so integration with BES 4.0 is very limited.	
Works well with no trouble.Only thing keeping it from a 5 star rating was the label.	
This Phone Sucks!.	
There are plenty of information websites (news, weather, sports, entertainment ect.)	
plastic on case tore when phone inserted.	
When it's done charging the LED goes solid blue, which can light up a dark room, so charging it on your nightstand can be a bit annoying.	
The next headphones I tried were the Samsung SBH600 headphones and they had to use the wire also.	
I am roamming between Portland OR, Seattle WA, and Los Angles CA.	
Disapointed that this product doesn't charge I-Pod.	
Other people say I sound good from their end, but to me they sound somewhat muffled.	
very cool, use with laptop and phone.	
Sounds like a tunnel.	
I highly recommend this to anyone!	
If you go furhter than 3 ft, you still start hearing some noise.	
WELL WE TRIED VERIZON AND OUR PHONES WOULD NOT WORK UNTIL WE DROVE A MILE INTO TOWN.	
One of the reasons I bought this phone was for the MP3 player.	
Before you buy this phone for Verizon, I have to warn you - the picture transfer and mp3/ringtone transfer are disabled.	
This is just what I was looking for.	
didn't work.	
T610 not just showing zero 'bars', T610 DOESN'T WORK.Not sure Why Sony Ericsson is making our life difficult by selling this useless product.	
This device does not transmit over the weakest radio stations.2.	
This is the best bluetooth I've owned.	
The bluetooth would disconnect after every call.	
You won't be disappointed.	
My wife's 30 GB 5th Generation IPOD finally lost it's battery.	
THATS JUST HAWT!	
I have already used this item several times.	
I also have a Delphi XM radio and have had no problems.	
I have used the voyage 520 and now the 510 and I would recommend either one.	
There was a lot of sweat but that is what sports armband is supposed to endure.	
Secure fit - when you nod or shake your head, you don't want to feel the headset wiggling around or shifting its position.	
If you think you'll have no use for the camera then I suggest you find something less expensive.	
SUB-STANDARD.	
Overall it's been great, besides not only was it free but I will get $50 from AT&T!	
I expect the same of this one.	
It isn't a "reception" issue either as there is nothing different in the reception of my house or anywhere else I am using this phone.	
I love this case!	
Not so "Smart" phone!.	
It was also reported to be able to take abuse and there were sites on the web that demonstrated survival from abuse.	
Overall great phone.	
just kidding.it has bluetooth, push to talk, and the much talked about EVDO.	
disappointing.	
The Visor Platinum was in my price range so I purchased that.	
This is an excellent headset.	
This phone worked pretty well for the first few days and then started to display the error message "Please insert SIM card".	
When I saw this, I had to rate it... on my 5th one!.	
this case looks cool, but I warn you, the magnetic snap does not work very well and my sidekick slipped out into a toilet, destroying the phone!	
I switched my plan that day over to the .18/min deal.For anybody thinking about the $.../month plans, please beware.	
Just because it is affordable does not mean it works.	
Then returned it by US postal at my expense.	
Someone will call back in an hour.	
Head set looks great!!	
I decided the system was disappointing, and dismantled the installation.	
A friend sitting next to me said that she didnt even notice that there was a case on the phone.	
I thought this was a good option because the Nokia brand cable was $50.00.	
Phone is well protected on all sides, case envelopes phone and petrudes about 1.5mm above glass.	
Perfect, for a Multimedia Message.	
The phone doesn't save all the work you have done to the "drafts".	
Just cool looking phone.	
This is just awful.	
perfect brand new phone-but BEWARE.	
The only negative part about the ISkin is that the belt clip is not stirty at all and you're essentially paying $30.00 for a piece rubber.	
I bought this after looking at several generic chargers.	
I have been very disappointed in this item.	
It tries to do everything but ends up doing nothing well.	
It was a piece of junk and I would not say this unless it was truly awful.	
The standby time is 70 hours, so it doesn't have to be constantly charging.	
Tracfone has a 'refer a friend' program that will give each of 100 free minutes.	
I recieved the battey in a timely mannor.	
)So I still came out ahead over paying $16 or more to Sony Ericsson for one..	
This little fella will be lost or broken within a month, I virtually guarantee you.	
This problem occured even I put the iPod Touch and the headset next to each other.	
Excesssive useless botton and features such as repeated "my music/ my photos / T-zone," etc.6.	
It's a nice looking phone that's very customizable.	
This is not the original charger that came with the phone but I'm happy with it.	
That was the event that drove me to send the first unit back.	
Does the Verizon calling plan with this phone have a roaming charge?.	
I ordered this headset but after trying it out once I have never used it again.	
I don't know what happened box.	
When it was closed it was too smooth to flip open with one hand.	
Antenna Review.	
Underneath the black coating is a silver metallic cover that makes the scratches very obvious.	
Does the job.	
Also my phone showed up slightly defective (Samsung Eternity) and I called Amazon and they shipped me another right away.	
At most it will stay on my head for 10 minutes.	
battery was never charged up properly, for some reason, the charging went out by itself occasionally.	
The tmobile GPRS/Edge is slower than my granny on her scooter, but at least it goes further.	
It truly is a very user friendly product that works great.	
So they're definitely there the next time around.	
I take care of my phone so I don't believe these phones stopped working through any fault of mine.	
However, this one died very quickly.	
The screen temporarily goes white and sometimes it takes up to 7-10 seconds for a letter to show up on the screen (while texting).	
If they had this phone with Cingular or ATT, I would take it in a minute.	
Simply not good.	
I almost always need to recharge the headset every other night or sometimes every night.	
Aside from fact that it's a snug fit, making insertion/extraction a little harder than you'd like (for recharging) - this is a welcome accessory.	
I find the buttons no smaller or harder to get at then any other comparable sized phone.	
Lately it has been popping off of the clip and my phone has been dropping.	
if i ever get it will make for a better rating.	
I threw it out.	
I like especially that it holds my blackberry with the "skin" on it.	
If you have the money to invest in something a little bit more expensive and reliable, do so.	
I have owned this phone for about 2 years now.	
It is easy to set up.	
Good product, great value.. The product is great for what was promised.	
Gennum NX6000 Bluetooth 2.0 Headset.	
I sent it back for a Sony over-the-head headset.	
Calls to Plantronics tech support to discuss how to work the headset properly (since the directions were incorrect) proved to be mostly useless.	
So small it just sticks to your ear, with no wires to deal with!	
These ear pieces were hard to get into the ear no matter what size I tried.	
I am on my second charger within one year.	
Great headset.	
I do not have a problem with the volume button on the side, but I am able to put it on 'soft' which does not alow you to adjust it from the outside.	
I lost my money with one of the two I bought.	
I could bend over and move around and it did not feel like it was going to fall.	
The sound of MusicTones was also very good.	
I am experiencing intermittan static and problems pairing this device.	
After three weeks of use, my phone began to randomly shut itself off.	
I bought this for my son who is always talking on the phone, which worries me to death.	
The battery completely failed in less than a month and would no longer take a charge.	
Certainly not digital camera quality, but okay.As other's have pointed out, the casing seems flimsy.	
My previous device wasn't loud enough when I was in loud areas, thus making it restricted to quite indoors.	
Nice and samll but battery died on this replacment headset after 1 month, the first one died after 3 months.	
A receptacle slash magnet for all kinds of dust, hair and debris.	
The best part about this Plantronics headset/ charger combination is that the headset stays connected to my phone while it's in the charger.	
Its comfortable, reliable, and I've never had the battery die on a call ever.	
Of course after about 45 minutes, your ear gets a bit sweaty and the unit starts to slide.	
Hopefully they hold up for the 6+years the original ones did !	
Greed is a horrible thing.	
Great for over 3 yrs of use.. I have owned this for a while and I put my wallet and cell in this bags two separate pouches.	
My RAZR fits in snugly and is very secure if dropped (which I do pretty often).	
I bought this item early in '07.	
Useful but not best thing ever, very stylish.	
Good Phone, Crazy Over Priced with Bad Service (NET10).	
Motorola service unable to resolve.	
Motorola H 700 Bluetooth Headset is a Winner.	
Buyer beware, scams, cheats, and liars is all T-mobile is and ever will be.	
what, exactly, does 'unable to charge' entail?	
BTW, I have a Motorola KRZR phone - about 3 years old.	
:) I seriously would recommend this phone to anyone.	
I did not need the data plan, and have that blocked.	
Small, very light, but very staticy with Samsung a940.	
But, living in New York City or a very big and heavy populated environment i doubt you will ever frequently experience a dropped call.	
I found that the range is terrible.	
This was confirmed by Cingular's customer service.	
The clearity is good and you can even put it in your top pocket until your phone ring and it won't bother your at all.	
You need a simple solution.	
It's the best bluetooth I ever owned.	
Not recommended.	
I had not replaced an iPod battery before.	
After a couple months, it died completely... the little power light wouldn't even come on.	
The rep said the product was simply meant to prevent scratches on the screen, not be scratch proof.	
simple and nice - this is a very good product - I do reccommend it based on my purchase - thanks	
But if you limit your amount of talk time and keep the battery charged, it will work fine.	
Very prompt delivery.. I ordered this for my boyfriend because he left his charger at my place when he visited me.	
But if you ever have to charge your phone and use it at the same time, I would pay the extra $ for a brand name charger.	
You can Velcro it or add the two tabs and screw it in4.	
Samsung should have put this feature on the volume DOWN button.	
I get so tired of the cables trying to listen to my computer at work.	
As soon as the LED blinks once, let go.	
As others have pointed out, this headset produces rather low volumes, unless the volume is cranked all of the way up.	
on their end.	
Nice leather.BUT, IT BROKED after 2 days of use.	
Another drawback is file size.	
I acquired the phone at 7:00 PM on Thursday, I charged it over night for 12 hours and first powered on the phone at 8:00 AM on Friday.	
I have to play the CD all at once from beginning to end.	
I am stuck with this phone until I'm eligible for a free phone or I can switch carriers altogether.	
Apparently the microphone on my particular headset doesn't work.	
I was pleased with the quality of the product.	
I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking in to buying a new phone.	
They also worked for a short time and died.	
(I am sure it is the operator and not the unit itself).	
Not good for chopping, like you would with bigger knives but it makes up In other areas.	
Was skeptical when buying this considering it had mixed reviews, however I can't say I'm not pleased.	
Poor product, worse customer support.	
With all the new laws regulating driving and speaking on cell phones mandates that we have a bluetooth that works all the time.	
Im very very very pleased with the purchase!	
Shouldn't it be 'hands-free'?!	
I am happy and would buy another one if need arose.	
Magnetic catch for the cover is great - much handier than a snap or velcro.	
Each email had to be individually and painfully deleted manually.	
Has everything!.	
Overall this product was a great buy.	
I think the hardware is fine, it's the software that makes this phone difficult to use.	
Nice Case but Terrible alignment!	
Purchased this item after much research.	
), and it works perfectly.	
Perfect Fit!.	
Also they charge you if you hit any button by accident that accesses the web.	
The WEP200 gives you three different sizes.4) Price - one of the cheapest BT headsets around.	
Great case.	
We use the above on trips when we are RVing or when we are going somewhere in two cars and want to communicate.	
I love the size, it sounds great and I couldn't be happier with it.	
And the phone doesn't hold a charge at all anymore--with or without the goofy battery pack hooked on.	
I wasn't expecting a lot from this extremely inexpensive case, but I'm very impressed.	
The hardest parts were opening the IPod and taking out the battery.	
I'd heard that the sound quality was bad, but I find that it's fine.	
Jabra ear gels work as replacements, but the unit won't fit in the charger with the gel attached.	
Now I am stuck because it costs more to mail this thing back to Minnesota than the credit that will be issued.I AM VERY FRUSTRATED W/ SF Planet !!	
Unfortunately, the fuse is not replaceable if it burns out because the charger doesn't have a screw top.	
Very Satisfied.	
I purchased $25 of minutes and gave hime the phone for emergencies (which is what the thing is for).	
This battery do not work like as realy battery.	
It's even much better than the Motorola branded case that I exchanged for this one.	
If the belt clip were spring loaded instead of just a prong, it would have earned 5 stars from me.	
The camera has spot metering, rapid capture, movie capture, multiple resolution settings, etc.	
I lost too many bluetooth device hang on my ear.	
this is the tag Listed under 8525 accessories."	
Great product.	
Just too many problems.	
In fact, I couldn't keep it on without constantly adjusting it.	
Cable connects directly to phone allowing you to use the Nokia Phone tools, contact management and even USB mass storage.	
Mine had a straight cord, instead of the curly cord pictured (didn't matter to me but might to some).	
I bought this phone a month ago because I was tired of having bad service with Nextel.	
I have now used this in two different cars, and it is perfect - you can have the USB ports (and 12V ports, if needed) where you need them.	
Don't waste your money.	
I order one from eforcity.	
In day light and outdoors it can get a good pictures, with good color and sharpness.	
But the best feature is its size.	
Sometimes, the slightest brush will produce a cornucopia of responses, while other times the phone simply ignores everything.	
Sync with outlook works well, does what I need.Tip 	
I use a digital camera for almost all of my pictures but I do occasionally use the cell phone one and I can tell you this one sucked.	
VERY average phone + short battery life = 2 star phone.	
Now after 4 weeks the battery barely lasts for one day with 15 minutes of talk time.	
He ended up needing a new phone so I will never know how long this battery would have lasted.	
I rate the cable as 5 (but I already had a cable) and the software as 0.	
Good but fragile.	
After initial failure, follow the instructions for reapplication.	
It's a bit loose of connection but if you just leave it where it is it works fine.	
Everything about this phone says "class," except.... ...the battery.	
Perfect replacement batteries.	
The voice recognition is a joke, you have to say it 3 or 4 times, so basically you could of manually dialed faster.	
Fits in the pocket, picture is awesome but it doesn't make up for all negatives.	
Works very well.	
I can text all day long without the battery getting low and I can have up to 3.5 hours of conversation.	
I like the freedom of typing in a phone number (like I would when placing a call) and using a select menu to "send text message".	
Sure enough, do a little research and I find a FACTORY original battery on Amazon for 13.04.	
This is the best product I've bought in a long time!	
DID NOT LAST A DAY.	
Even though it was free, I was hopeful it would be ok because it is my first bluetooth device.	
I ordered this product because Amazon mentioned that this remote was often purchased with the cube.	
Great to use at home or in a car to charge Ipod shuffle, don't need computer anymore.	
Other than that, it served it's purpose of a charger.	
I had previously last phone was Nokia 6080 and I have always been fan of Nokia.	
As a in-car speakerphone, it (naturally) picks up road noise, etc.	
Great design, great produce, great sound, great video playback.	
I've connected it to my Treo 680 and Blackberry Curve.	
Get ya one..	
Decent Customer Service.	
It's reception is poor.	
It's fine if I sit still but can not move at all or it flies off.	
I don't have a cradle for it so I can not comment on that but it slips out of case in a second and so this should not be a problem.	
), with a high roof line, and a full finished basement.	
I'm very unsatisfied.	
It came in real handy from the moment I first had it until I switched phones.	
I wear my phone on my belt and when I am sitting in the car with the headset on the same side as my phone it will shut off do to connection loss.	
It does not filter any background noise, and sounds tinny to others.	
It met all of the expectations of the razor phone.	
Janky, but useful and fun.. Make your own ring tones and save files from your phone.	
In designing the Treo 650, palm has changed everything from the 600.	
Size and weight are about right.2.	
I liked it at first until about two weeks later when it started having problems.	
I got it from an authorized dealer and went on vacation for a month.	
Come on in!.	
* Very few ringtone choices which means you have to pay for additional ones.	
I use it with a RAZR and the voice commands are great.	
The pop port is a rather difficult port in the first place requiring considerable manipulation in both insertion and removal.	
and why, sweet love of mine, why is it that you decide that receiving my calls is something to do only on your whimsy?	
Don't mess around, just buy this one.. There is an overwhelming amount of reviews for this product.	
Worked for a few weeks then stopped for no reason.	
Contacts don't stay connected.	
Experiencing 0 problems with the adapter.	
Hard to fit over the ear, very sensitive center button, that redials when you barely touch it.	
When it arrived I charged it up, and had it paired with my phone within minutes.	
Great performance great price.	
I am very pleased with the phone.	
It is a cheap knock-off.	
Nothing comes preconfigured.	
That's no good for me and I'm not using it.	
If the unit is wired correctly it will resume operation and the batteries will recharge.	
I don't like things in my ear and seems like most headsets are like that now except one I found by Motorola H710.	
I bought this headset for my husband and he has had all sorts of problems with it.	
Im quite irritated!	
I'm very pleased- $109 with shipping, and it's everything I wanted.	
Would get a better review if the car charger still worked, as I would be less afraid to use my phone's GPS, which runs down batteries very quickly.	
Sound quality is excellent.	
On my phone, the SLIGHTEST touch, will enable the phone's camera, and it will take pictures.	
Nokia BL-5c-original battery.	
I needed a battery and thought I would try the bigger extended battery.	
Armband too small.	
The Jabra sound quality wasn't great but the piece was durable and talk time reasonably long.	
Sound quality, style and ease of use make it by far the best bluetooth hands-free device out there.	
I didn't use the free minutes card with skype yet.	
What can I say, I am a person who likes people.	
The fit is fine and the buttons all work with the case on but the snaps do not stay closed so the phone falls out periodically.	
I would recommend this case to others.	
neat.things I didnot like about are:1) ringer volume is low.	
The size, the color, the feel, all really nice!	
Other than the earpiece this phone is everything I have ever wanted.	
The speakerphone is very clear.	
Basically, it is an i730 in a smaller package, but I have noticed this phone has just slightly better reception.	
I just had bigger expectations	
I think this is the best bluetooth headset for the money.	
Received wrong item.	
Comfortable, light enough, simple, great sound and a great value.	
I thought surely a new switch would be available (and installing would be a snap, literally, into the unit's switch posts).	
The stereo is great.	
Motorola RAZR V3 Body Glove Radical Case.	
Great signal distance and easy to operate.	
I had to give the phone 2 stars because the phone was awesome while it worked.	
I thought the in ear design would be uncomfortable, but after a few days I stopped noticing it.	
BE CAREFUL with such kinda crook sellers	
My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel.	
This cell phone has a lot to offer for the price.	
This is a great little blue tooth.	
It can be a bit confusing when calls are coming in and you are switching from call to call.	
After using this phone for a year or so, I can safely say that I don't like it at all.	
Be aware, Roll over is a joke.	
It does not work with the new OS 4.5 for BlackBerry.	
I generally only use it when I'm in my car, not when I'm walking around.	
Great Compliment to Jawbone 2.	
I know there exist better earbuds.To top things off, for some reason Jabra decided to make the cord lengths of each earbud different!	
The earpiece got so bad on the phone, that I could never hear what the person was saying when using the feature.	
H700 Bluetooth Headset Review.	
The v60 is a great phone.	
It started up straight way and hasn't stopped all summer.	
*The controls are unwieldy if you ask me.	
Money-sucking device (but cute).	
The red Palm faceplate looks very sharp with the contrasting black back and cover.	
Love the ring tone features.	
First the sticker placed over the keyboard that tells you how to unfold it pulled one of the keys off.	
It provides a little bit of cushion for the phone to protect from dings.	
But luckily, I've found the answer to that it's part # OEM Carry Pouch with Clip - SYN8848.	
FM radio is clear and reception is excellent.3.	
Nokia said they would void my warranty if I were to change cases.So, ladies and gentlemen, don't end up like me!!!	
For practicality and safety, however, this case can't be beat.	
BlueAnt Bluetooth Speakerphone.	
In no way should anyone spend any money on this cradle....not even a peso.	
The volume control is poor.	
It is perfect fit on my samsung SPH=M610.	
Longer than my 3rd Gen iPod.	
I quickly returned this item!	
When used with a Cingular data plan and the phone's Bluetooth or USB data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and PDAs.	
But other than that this is a GREAT phone.	
it's a win/win!	
But I'm sure other people have satisfactory experiences with this item.	
It is less than $20, so I can't complain too much.	
but soon as i got a feel of the phone it sort of grown into me.	
I went to their website ([...]) to see if the phone I intended to purchase was supported.	
Lightweight and easy.	
I lease my car so I was not eager to do any major surgery on the car to get a good handsfree set.	
AC charger worked for three and a half weeks before the connection wore out.	
I thought small was good but not for a phone.	
2) Insanely bad tech support.	
My goals were to find a comfortable and loud bluetooth.	
when you want to charge your headset using your computer's USB port3.)	
The good:Fits wellLooks goodDecent protectionThe bad:Difficult to access buttons on the side.	
Very fast shipping, and the cable works great.	
For me, it is one of the worst headsets I have ever owned.	
Those last 2 connect with a solid and reassuring 'snap' and it's a tight fit.	
Ok, so the bluetooth headset works and is relatively comfortable, easy to use, very good battery life (for occasional car use).Cons	
And the problem with an exchange is that I am in Africa for an extended time, I had the battery mailed to my wife and then she forwarded it to me.	
I was skeptical at these prices but I ordered 3 motorola accessories from bargaincell and they were all authetic Motorola pieces.	
(Catch 22 if you planned on using your phone for that.)	
I've been using this pouch for the past 3 months and it's great.	
Seeing future events on the calendar is a basic function on other brand phones.	
Takes a long time to boot5.	
Phone only for iPhone.	
I "upgraded" to this unit after using the i90c for a few years, and I would much prefer having my old phone back.	
Great battery, great price.	
If there is even a slight breeze, the microphone picks it up.	
I like the folding on/off option so you can tell when the device is off.	
I was originally against the idea of combining my music player with my phone.	
I'm not sure if the battery last as long as they claim though.	
Those of us who use an external antenna on their car and swear by them will find this Scuba II case useless.	
USELESS!!!!	
!We have bought two handspring PDAs and then two Handspring Treo PDA/Phones.	
The camera is really bad.	
Works great, costs less.	
TWO SETS OF BATTERIES.	
I couldn't see who was calling from the external screen and at times, the phone would answer itself.	
I have looked at the more expensive ones.	
It is only a matter of time.	
they sent me the wrong items at first, but a quick email, and it was fixed, got the right ones in good time, they fit wonderfully!	
Range is excellent, too.Buy this headset!	
It was hardly noticeable, very comfortable and light.	
Robust "vibrate" mode5.	
I called her to test it and I could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too.	
I wanted to point out that mine did not come with a Wrist Carrying Lanyard as described in the Product Features section.	
All things considered, I'm giving it a 5-star rating, which I've never done before.	
You can also assign different rings to each person in your address book.	
It's only when I just start playing music, but it's annoying because it distorts the sound.	
They checked the phone and returned it back without doing anything except upgrade the software of the phone.	
I hope I knew this earlier.	
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!	
Amazing product,amazing price.	
Worked Great.	
Depending on how you use your phone, this could be a real problem.	
I can't use this phone at either of my homes or offices in CA or NV and can't use it when I'm driving, so what good is it?!?!	
It is what they advertised.	
If you wear it on your belt you should look some where else.	
I think I ended up paying just over six dollars for the pair of them with shipping.	
Great battery life.	
I've been sending them emails asking about the status for months now.	
Poor all around.	
So I tried using my corded phone.	
It was very light like the others said, will not be purchasing again from this company.	
It is now trash.	
I highly recommend this little guy.	
It is difficult to put on and very uncomfortable.	
Obviously not a complicated item - plug it in and it works.	
Verizon could'nt touch this price.	
What a world of difference.	
wife loves it.	
Samsung E315 is indeed one of the best phones in current T-Mobile lineup as of March 2005.Pro's,1.	
You can't use the phone when it is in the pouch.	
Very happy.	
This evidence leads me to conclude that the reception problem is due primarily to the fact that the phone is a international version.	
Verizon isn't an option (not available in my area), and is anyone else really any better?	
This item is perfect for use in the car.	
Wireless Headset best thing.	
it WILL crack!	
They also *still* haven't gotten it to work with my car, a BMW.	
I live close enough to the celltower to throw a rock at it, and my service is horrible!	
They provide passive noise reduction and great sound.	
It could use a sound director in the ear.	
I bout it this item for my Samsung note but I get one for a frkn tablet 7inch I am the second customer with the same situation.	
I was delighted to finally lose it so I can buy something else with minimal guilt.	
It's incredibly annoying and I can't figure out any purpose it would serve.The overall length is simply too short.	
Thankyou Amazon.Com and CS50-SUB Wireless Headset For VoIP Softphones.Sincerly C.D.Contos	
I could have picked one up from the store the same day.	
I ordered it on Amazon and installed immediately upon receipt.	
One must wonder why Samsung chose a one-size-must-fit-someone approach to this style of headset.	
Spend some money and buy a better phone--you'll be glad.	
2mb doesn't cut it for a camera phone.	
My N800 has slip a few times while I do this, it's very inconvenient and risky.	
Good range.	
Well, I purchased this item and never received it.	
Earpieces also sound good and feels durable.But sturdy cord design makes is uncomfortable.	
That can be expected with any bluetooth devices I think.	
Okay, call me cynical.	
It's a great headset if you just want a headset to look cool, but for people like me who actually use them, it's pure junk.	
A couple days after my 22nd birthday my parents and I went to the sprint store to get me a new phone.	
It's a waite	
Overall I give it 4 stars for the quality and use-ability.	
I've been using this battery for over 2 years and it's still going strong!	
I have been using the clip that slips over my belt.	
These headphones do not get loud enough for use in this application.	
You can buy interchangeable face plates for it or leave it black.	
The thickness of the leather can muffle the vibrating alert to the point where you might not feel it.	
Excellent Price for Product--Highly Recommend!!!.	
The seller sent a dead battery, and called his voicemail, but it was full, seller name is "VIBE CELLULAR".	
I get complaints from callers about the sound from the mic.I am looking for a replacement, I will throw these away when I find it.	
You get what you pay for.	
I've had the Razor V3xx for about two weeks now.	
It malfunctioned after less than a month and I could never get the company it was purchased from to even respond to me.	
I positioned the outdoor antenna on the peak of the roof where I get a good cell phone signal.	
I have a computer with built-in bluetooth.	
When you turn the car off, it stops.	
A Must Have.	
The case snaps onto the two halves of the RAZR phone -- skin-tight -- and holds on very tightly.	
I've onlytested it to 100 ft., though it claims 300+ ft.	
The problem with those is that if you used the line-in feature, you could not use the bluetooth.	
Not a big deal and not a difficult task.	
It only takes a "snippet."	
Overall i wouldn't recommend the phone and i see it's not offered through Amazon anymore.	
Don't buy this product unless you are somehow absolutely certain it works with your phone.	
I tried to use it but I can't seem to get to the phone on time to answer it.	
I purchased this through amazon marketplace from "SF Planet".	
I had no problems registering.	
The item arrived broken.	
Text, ringtones, etc.	
I'm happy with how it works, except perhaps the volume level is not too high, hence the 4 stars (but who goes by stars, anyway).	
When people call, every now and then in stead of ringing, I will hear pure static coming from the phones speaker.	
I suppose that it is not so great for heavy users.3.	
Now that my second pair is broken they no longer stay on my ears well.	
The sound quality is excellent, the battery life is very good.	
The phone has a place to attach a lanyard so I hang my phone near my window in my apartment where I get 6 bars and use my bluetooth.	
Has two belt loops plus a spring clip.	
Doesn't work - No support.	
This headset is NOT adjustable.	
This blue tooth is counterfeit.	
If you schedule recurring events (day, week,month) only the first occurance shows on the calendar.	
Arrived broken.	
I think Jabra is one of the few headset manufacturers that make such a wide range that is suitable for my DUALphone VOIP/DECT cordless phone.	
I already owned one for myself and I pruchased this one for the Wife.	
I love the mp3 player.	
The first cable started playing highly distorted audio after only a couple of months; I was able to use it by partially plugging it in.	
Mechanical issuesThe keyboard slider would slide out a little bit even when you did not mean for it to.	
DO NOT BUY.	
My phone is still not activated, I still don't have my old number transfered, and I've wasted 7 hours speaking to customer reps.	
I thought about keeping them for the stand-alone stereo - but - back they went.	
Will not link in any way with a computer.This worthless, stupid cable is just an expensive charger.What a waste of time and money.Thomas Blackmon	
Also, a great price (under $20.00); beating the price listed at PalmOne!	
It is helpful in showing you that the adapter has fallen out of the power outlet again, however.	
it did not take any beauty away from the phone itself.	
What kind of company is this who treats their customers with such suspicion?	
It had deep scratches from gardening and beating the lense against just about everything.	
Every other unit I've owned have been problematic.	
Dealt with liars and wiseasses.First, installed it on my primary box (XP SP2) with both a generic BTv1.1 adapter and then the IOGear GBU321.	
Nothing happened.	
Works great - much better than the supposed "OEM" batteries.. Battery works great.	
They shipment was very fast and it product was wonderful.	
I am forced to use this piece of junk through my company.	
Are you sure this is what you need?.	
I plug my MP3 into my aux jack in my van with this cable and it works perfect!	
Great Item and definitely will purchase more for co-workers,	
More then ample enough.	
All i can say this is a great small phone, perfect size for woman, and picture are so clear, better than the T610.	
It still works perfectly.	
The case saved my phone from many scratches and even today when I remove the case my phone is a new as the day one.	
Ive had the $260 items for two weeks from Cingular.	
Basically the service was very bad.	
I keep two different headsets now, one for normal use and this one for bicycling or windy days outside.	
Its very flimsy and broke off after 3 months.	
Great headset for people with 2 cellphones!!.	
I keep having to get replacement phones, I lose all my text messages, photos and ringtones each time.	
I spent a lot of time researching different models from different companies and just could not pass up the great deal at Amazon.	
From now one if I need something I will check Amazon first.	
Samsung has a great phone with the Black Jack.	
The headset was in very good condition and wasnt hard at all to connect with my phone.	
I wanted to see if I could find one online and for a good price.	
Great sound, deep bass.	
This earset worked fine in areas of good reception.	
Best Bluetooth Headset.	
All of these failures happened within the last week.	
Unfortunately, not all adapters are universal, and thus this one did not work.	
Not compatable with just about anything.	
Why doesn't this description tell how long the cord is?	
Cheap is only good if it works.	
Worked fine.	
As a phone, I find it too difficult to handle, and I much prefer a smaller and more functional unit.	
I don't use voice dialing.	
Incoming caller and appointment announcements are played at a very low level of volume and I haven't found a way to increase this.	
The Voyager 510 has all of this.	
For me anyway.	
MOTOROA RAZR V3 Is an Awesome Cell Phone.. MOTOROLA RAZR V3 cell phone is awesome.	
I even exchanged the phone for a replacement phone, and the new phone has the same issue.	
My phone is a small Samsung flip.	
They turned out to be the same item.	
I wasn't going to get it because I really didn't want a camera.	
i have sence invested in the i530 and love it.	
Motorola's HS850 works for me.... The HS850 is my first BT headset.	
I cannot consider buying another product as poorly supported as this.	
It has been a pain with the reception going away all of a sudden and the phone getting turned off for no reason.	
The buttons to dial the number are so small you actually have to use the pen device to "click" on them.	
I had previous Parrot products, so I bought this one with high hopes.	
Once you sweat on them the volume button stops working.	
It would hang up when I answered calls.	
Do not buy from this company, you will be disappointed.	
It looks great.	
Press the Center Button.3.	
The only piece, the one I didn't need, that worked was the car charger.	
Too bad I just bought a black razor last month.	
I had this phone for roughly 3 months before giving it away.	
it came with my ps3 game and it works GREAT.	
See I had just received a Motorola e815 (a couple months before) as a replacement for a Motorola v710 and so the e815 was practically free and new.	
I bought this with the Motorola V600 flip phone.Bad Comments First; Doesn't work to 30 feet as claimed in Ads.I am lucky to get 3 feet before static.	
I would hate to re-enter it all if the phone gets stolen, damaged, or lost.	
I bought this case for my SonyEricsson W300i because I couldn't find a case that fit in the stores.	
The flip gives a nice solid "click" when flipping it open and closed.Battery Life (10/10)Better than any phone I have ever owned.	
Now I get 4 or 5 barsof signal strength.	
They should call it "buck-tooth".	
Won't hold a charge :-(.	
Phone Clip.	
Mobiledia.com claims this phone has "voice commands", but 2 calls to carrier have confirmed	
Now I'm out the money and still dont have the product.	
Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls, calls would go straight to my voice mail.	
Here is the big plus....the phone comes with a travel charger (AC) and a usb sync/charger cable.	
T-mobile serice sucks.	
horizontal pouch for razr v3.	
What has this go to do with putting Karaoke on an Ipod???	
The v66 is less than my hand its soo tiny, i think its great even though some people say the the menu buttons are small.	
Why not just make it where I can plug the charger directly into the headset??	
I like the color too but didn't buy it for that.	
But needless to say, this defeats the whole purpose of a hands-free device.	
2nd one is just as bad.	
Bought this for my father and he said it was too bulky and he could not get it out of his pocket.	
Be wary,Mark	
Very poor cell phone.	
You can smell it on your belt and worse yet, the phone takes on the smell.	
I realize that this helps keep the size and cost of the the unit down.	
The lapel clip broke the first day I got this.	
They did not hold a charge, but as far as the company goes, they shipped the product right away.	
I end with return the item.	
the plug is too small for my blackberry so i can't use it.	
But yes when it works it is excellant, no problems with compatibility or connection problems or any other problems.	
I have had this phone for almost 2 years now.	
It will be a great surprise gift for my husband.	
The battery arrived as promised and it has worked so well so far.	
He got ones that I have to measure and cut to fit the screen, including rounding out my own corners.	
Motorola puts out some very good products, but this one (Motorola H500 Headset) was a real disappointment.	
Too thick for clip-in belt holster.	
Phone won't stay in holster.	
Every one complains that they can't hear me and the sound is tinny.4.	
Well, it looks great, but doesn't work at all if there is the slightest wind or breeze.	
Antenna is weak.	
This product was of very poor quality.	
The swivel clasp tore itself from the case after 3 weeks of lite use.	
this case is light and fits the phone very snug.	
Otherwise, get this headset.	
I have the antenna outside on a post on the roof, and the repeater on a wall.	
I tried finding drivers off the net and can't make it work.	
The most recent example:Me	
It's extremely lightweight and can be worn for hours on end without discomfort.	
Displex scratch remover.	
It still does not work.	
I wanted to like the Q but came away utterly disappointed.	
Someone on the assembly line took a nap during production of this specific unit.Whatever, I've gotten dead units before.	
I have a slight hearing problem but the volume was sufficient enough where I didn't have any issues hearing.	
Two days later, the box came.	
They ship with the Postal Service.	
After being attached, the adhesive did not hold for very long and at some point the shields detached from the surface of the phone.	
He charges the phone every night and it has never gone dead on him.	
My old one was unbearable all the way around.	
It also sounds great listening to music.	
Stick it in your ear!.	
Failed.. Purchased this for my i850.It worked perfect twice.Worked no more since.	
I sent it back.I ordered this one from Amazon and everything worked famously.	
Keep your cell phone charged.	
battery didn't last.	
I bought this headset instead of the MOTOROKR S9 because of the unfavorable reviews for the S9.	
To change the ringer volume you have to go to two seperate places.	
The Jawbone's minimal range in volume control made it impossible to find a comfortable setting.Overall, buying the Jawbone was a big mistake!	
Poorly designed case.	
I have request my money back and have not recieve a respones.	
The onboard slider switch is nice to have when swapping BT devices and the 3 different ear hooks make this so comfy to wear.	
The voice recognition through the bluetooth headset is outstanding even when I am driving in a car.	
Down with Palm.	
Works good when it works.. I have had this product for over a year now.	
When I returned it for exchange, the saleperson said that's typical of this headset, and only from Motorola.	
You'll thank me.	
I thought it was cool that the fliptop swivels.	
It records clearly and is easy to use.	
Setup is simple.	
It's not that much different than other Nokia phones except that there's even more there to confuse you.	
Don't know how I lived without it.	
I called Amazon customer service 1-800-201-7575 and certainly it wasn't helpful.	
After two months a light came on and wouldn't go off.	
Absolutely awful headset.	
I have a portable charger and the cord extends the flexibility.	
I can't even get Win XP to see it and load drivers.	
This holds a charge, but unlike the original battery is already down to one bar at the end of the day.	
If this is the best bluetooth has to offer, then the technology has a long way to go.	
Another benefit of this phone was that you could transfer your phonebook and old text messages that were stored on a SIM card staright to this phone.	
Difficult for the person on the receiving end to understand, impossible to train, very bad voice recognition.	
The worst reception ever on a cell phone.	
Great Price and product.	
After one call the battery is saying it needs to be recharged.	
When used with a Sanyo Katana all you can do is manage your contacts.	
Is it as good as an installed Bluetooth system?	
THE USB PORT IS USELESS WITHOUT PAYING AN ADDITIONAL $30USD for ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE.	
Sound is good on this headset but manufacturing quality very poor.	
As it went through various upgrades its functionality started dropping off.	
dishonest service.	
I rarely write reviews, however, this thing is really so horrible.	
Excellent product!	
That one works well, but installation was a lot of work.	
Has charging mechanism problems.. First, the good news.	
Plantronics Voyager 510.	
Obviously, the volume control and skip control are easy.	
phone book takes a long time to initiate after the phone was turned back on3.	
Bought a cell phone battery from this company and it was defective and died ONE WEEK after their return/replacement deadline.	
They should have advertised it correctly in the first place.	
It works good.	
Good solution for people with weird shaped ears.. All I have read about these was pretty much true.	
Software version 1.300 is almost perfect.	
Doesn't work.	
This version says to be the international version saw I bought because he lives in Honduras.	
Works great!.	
This Motorola phone was available when I was still with Tracfone so that's why I switched to Virgin Mobile.	
I have had really no big issues with them.	
And by golly, you cannot beat the price!!	
Transferring files is very easyCons:1.	
I have not lost service once in the city like I used to all the time on the V66.I have a family member who also got this phone in January 2003.	
I have had many motorola and nokia phones, and this one is BY FAR the worst.	
I've heard some things about "lemons" in circulation, so maybe the one I ordered was a lemon.	
)Got two new batteries Mar 07 and charge them 24 hrs before use.	
The fit could be just a touch tighter for carrying around in my hand or outside my purse.Here's how I get my headset to fit securely in the pouch.	
It's my fault for even thinking that something that costs pennies would work.	
Works perfectly for the Levana BABYVIEW20 baby monitor.	
Works much better than case plastic covering.6) Bottom line, find another flip case and pay more to get a quality case.	
The t-mail email address you get works pretty well with attachments and what not.	
We're going back to get ANOTHER new phone and this time we're going to get a good one!	
It has the worst operating system (windows mobile) Palm was 1000% better.	
Well worth the money!.	
This was of no use to me.	
Everyone can Hear me and I can hear them.... Good Purchase.	
great headset.	
You won't be disappointed!	
I expected a brand new phone to have better audio clarity than my 4 year old phone.	
I have had the cover about a week and it has already broken.	
I know myself better than that, and I'm returning mine to the store.	
Phone Charger..great buy.	
It is cheap, reliable and does the job much better than the original.	
The RAZR does have a huge display and some nice features.	
I called Plantronics support line and they walked me through trying to reset the headset.	
It does not have a voice dialling.	
Sometimes it would, sometimes it wouldn't.2.)	
The Phone keeps Hanging.	
Great Case.	
This "phone" was built to do a lot of things and does them well.	
in its defense, i probably should be diligent about removing old appointments each week (i'm spoiled from the treo).	
Too bad it does not work as advertised.	
TracFone = Great Service + No Hidden Costs.	
It was overly optimistic of me to think this product would work dispite the other review.	
This new battery lasts about 36 hours without needing a recharge and that's without using the phone at all.	
The spring mechanism that enables it to retract broke almost immediately.	
I use it for my Microsft Zune and would recommend it to everyone.	
Consider yourself warned.	
It worked when I did it.	
I'll still use it, but Ericsson can do better than this	
ALWAYS BROKE!!!!.	
My husband and I have a motorola phone, we can use the same charger.now I don't have to look all over for it, we each have one.	
Terrible phone.	
Superb Phone!!!!!.	
I brought it into my local store and was told I picked the right model but it was essentially defective.	
Love the fact that it can be paired with 2 devices at a time.	
Good Basic Phone with Excellent Features.	
I was thrilled because I love snakes, but it isn't really silver.	
I plugged it in and used it for about a week when all of a sudden the phone adapter part just fell apart in my hand.	
I'd give negative stars, but that wasn't an option.	
WEP 200 Different Versions?.	
I'd rather through $49.00 out the window so someone gets some enjoyment from my money.	
The price is also very good too so it's supposed to be a no brainer.	
I wanted to replace my 1 year old battery in my Motorola Razr.	
First thing I noticed was the little "injection" tube/port that goes into your ear.	
I ordered the item and it broke with in the first day, I returned the item and order the smae one again, which also broke after a week.	
The mic can rotate in one plane allowing for flexible placements.	
This so-called cell phone is the biggest piece of junk I have ever owned.	
i will update my post if the odor goes away.	
Before using this, I could get cellular signal when my cellular was near/at the window but not inside the house.	
We are not that hard on our phones.	
It's the little plastic "shield" that comes on your phone when you first purchase it.	
Really doesn't make sense on why someone would need this accessory.	
It was impossible to find an actual retail outlet that had this particular phone charger in stock, a little web surfing and voila!	
Great for the money.	
BE CAREFUL !!!	
Warning, Plantronics Plusar 590a headsets are not mp3 cell phone player compatible.My phone is an LG8100 and others are said to be affected.	
Be wary of others giving this headset high marks	
I purchased this product and used a velcrow stretch strap and wraped the phone on my arm.	
My advice to that reviewer - consider reading the instructions and adjust the mouth piece away from your mouth (not in the instructions).	
I would have preferred to use this wired headset as it does not require battery charging, like the Bluetoth headset.	
However, it has its dissadvantages.	
I've had this phone since October.	
everything i try to down load come back and not supported.	
I keep a spare battery charged at all times.Thank you	
Not as bad as you think.	
Also, no complaints from others during calls.	
the photo quality is also good( when you think interms of a cellphone).It has got good radio too.	
It's not loud enough and after 30 seconds, it rejects the tape.DON'T BUY	
My wife had a strong preference for headphones that would cover her ears instead of being inserted in her ears.	
Turns out, I just had to bring extra batteries.	
You won't actually get to talk to a real person.	
T-Mobile blamed the handset and Amazon could not replace it, thus cancel and reimbursed me for the HANDSET.	
It's still a GREAT phone, especially for the price and the features.	
For &lt;$40 I can listen to my MP3 in any car (not just the Prius) and the sound quality is as good as any FM Station.	
When I tryed to use the cable link I had to hold the plug in the phone to make it connect.	
Save your money.	
I used a CS-50 for years, until a combination of being worn out, and interference from wireless networks made its quality decline beyond use.	
People on the other end report a slight echo.	
Phone's display is so small and Verizon has a policy of extending your contract anytime you change your rate plan!	
had to send back.	
How will you exactly know when you are roaming?2.	
The belt clip on this product is too stiff.	
I would still rate it highly.	
Worst BT headset on the market.	
It is a great buy.. I love this bluetooth that I had to get one for my friend because it worked so well	
At the price point, I can afford to have one at desk side, one at bedside.	
Get the little attachment so you can loop it over your ear.	
And I am only 5'10".	
Motorola's level 2 tech support finally told me that it probably wasn't compatible with my desktop.	
Video, Phone, GPS, WIFI, Connectivity.	
It says Verizon wireless on the side.	
not the right charger for A767 Samsung phone.	
company sent a BR50 which has a lower MAH rating.	
They both work the same, so I don't think either is defective.	
Ear loop broke on last one.	
Excellent Device.	
Three-Piece Value Combo Pack for Nokia 6101, 6102, 6103.	
If you're looking for nothing but a DECENT, ATTRACTIVE camera-phone, this is what you want.	
It's very easy to use and the sound quality is great.	
I had to rebuild mine to get them to run.)	
Instead, get a blackberry, an i-phone, get a wire and two cups... anything else but an HTC.	
Good Value for the Money.	
Doesn't work.	
I had no problems pairing it with my Cingular RAZR V3.	
So, I'll try again with another one...	
Great product.	
Not worth the money.	
i think that it is a good phone for young kids.	
To fix this, I simply bent the piece of metal downward and towards the phone, so that it was much harder to both open and close the case.	
The sound is very good and can go from being a speaker for ur phone or iPOD and comes with proper attachments.	
Wonderful Charger.	
The MDA is just a bad cell phone.	
very dissapointed.	
Other cradles require removal of skin to get the phone to seat properly.	
Using the standard Nokia battery, I could go for about 5 days,given the amount of time the phone is on, and the amount I talk.	
Sounds too go to be true, but it really does work well.	
The car mount and belt holster I threw away since they were made of cheap plastic and I would not trust either to keep my Blackjack from falling.	
Great product, shipped as expected.	
It never seems to go on the same way given that the earloop swings around.	
I received a prompt replacement from the seller, and the pen didn't write.	
Good product.	
From 1/2 Bar to 5 Bars!.	
It is so frustrating!	
Better than Treo 600 and LESS expensive.	
2) Its hard exterior become painfully uncomfortable after 10 minutes or so of talking and I had to often switch ears mid-conversation.	
Excellent product.	
I'm very fast on computers and it took me 4 hours to figure out the return process.	
My reasons to switch to T-mobile from Sprint were	
I felt a tingly feeling using my cell phone, now using this headset, it's disappeared.	
But as someone who needs to wear gloves while riding, I suffer the frustration of frequently hitting the wrong button.	
)The various stock wallpapers with the phone are pretty boring and tend to make it hard to read the small display window.	
The phone calls are good; I can hear people very well and they tell me they can hear me clearly.	
Returned this on for warranty repair.	
not quite road-worthy.	
Get very positive feedback from everyone I call.	
Great Palm Armor.	
I know it is not the phone because I tried another phone and it still sounded bad.	
I always had to worry about getting to a charger.	
and the sound quality is excellent.	
Be careful putting the ear gel over the Jawbone ear piece ( you dont want to tear it).	
Boy was I wrong!	
Prior to this one I had the H850 which was larger, bulkier and not as clear.	
I you want a demonstration, go borrow an adapter, plug it in, and you'll see exactly what I mean.Better get the type with a flexible cord.	
Felix Unger?	
I had to go to an AT&T; store to get a new SIM card.	
I have made three calls, totaling two hours of my time.	
Don't buy this!	
I am very impressed with the Jawbone so far!!!!	
Wrong item.	
I am now on my third and final phone of this make and already it is beginning to have problems.	
priced good sells for $50 to $60 at phone store.	
Get an E105 or V300 or something, just don't get this.	
They're cheap enough, so why not?Overall, this is the best BT headset I've ever used in the three years that I've been using them.	
I got this phone on July 2, 2004.	
The small bubbles will disappear - but accidental fingerprints will not.= Wetness is the key.	
Jabra Bluetooth Stereo Headset Model BT620.	
The only thing I found to be a negative is that the connection is lost if the phone is moved around.	
I am on the 4th Pink RAZR in 5 months!	
Good stereo headset for the VX-8300.	
Good Phone W/Weak Battery.	
I ordered this cable to transfer music to my cell phone.	
Sometimes, the buttons don't work and they freeze.	
Do this rather than spend the extra money for the nice graphics they paste on at AT&T	
KRZR K1m recall.	
Its eveything I had hoped for and plenty more.	
So this is where I went.	
It has a hard feel, so you know your phone is protected.	
did not work properly.	
I have to open up the battery cover, take out the battery for just a second, and then replace it, at which point the phone will power back on.	
This phone is great for those who don't want much from their phone.	
I use the padded cushions (the headset also came with the foam cups).The best feature of the headset is the distance the sound carries.	
So for so good.	
Great protection.	
Great, but not really silver.	
Overall I am very glad that I got this product.You do not need to pay for high priced gear, that doesn't always mean the product is better.	
Good thing i had warranty on it or else i wouldn't get it for a second time.	
Thank you so much.	
I received the email 1 week from the day I ordered the Nokia 3220 Refurbished from Cingular's web site.	
I thought maybe it was just a break-in period but its been almost a month and nothing changed.	
I wanted nothing more then to move back to a GSM network, but it seems like I'll be going back to CDMA.	
This is the real thing.	
remember you are getting 50$ back from T mobile for buying this phone!!	
Proves to me that T-Mobile does not stand behind its service.	
The Motorola HS820 Bluetooth Headset is one of the cheaper headsets on the market.	
its a phone which makes a statement.	
The camera needs slightly higher resolution.	
It doesn't fit conveniently in my average-size hand, and one-handed dialing (holding it in your hand while using your thumb to dial) is difficult.	
It was a little better it worked for about 4 weeks vs the 1 week with the HS810.	
It is very nice as a phone - compact, light, with enough volume in the headset so I can hear it with the car top down (but not at 80 mph!).	
The color of this skin is really deceiving.	
As an owner of one unit myself I can truly say that the "iPaq 6515" is NOT all that good.	
I'm completely dissatisfied.	
Well, within a week it was broken.	
You'll never know it is there, it fits perfectly and it removes with ease.	
Once it's in, you hardly notice it's there@!Just got a Voyager pro.	
I think I'll be finding a way to go back to using my much better, old Nokia 6800.	
This is my second Samsung phone and I was very happy with the last one.Speech clarity is excellent and size of screen is good.	
I have to admit they are not the smallest, but they certainly stay in your ear, especially when you whip your head around in heavy traffic.	
These headphones are intended to be used not only for music, but for hands-free operation while on the road, etc.	
Press the red call button.2.	
This style is great for the summer months and tropical vacations, or for a pick-me-up during the dreary winter months.	
My husband has kept his phone clipped to his belt for years, so when he got a new Motorola Razr, he wanted to continue wearing the phone on his belt.	
The controls area easy to use, and the microphone is great.	
this phone will never be available from this site.	
Gotta have that unlimited data plan for the Iphone though.	
Great headset.	
Dubious info.	
I tried turning it around, and just as people have been reporting, the phone did not fit right and tried to slip right out.	
Good Screen Protectors for your BlackBerry Curve.	
It's good for me to be in office or home.	
But it does not work for charging Ipods.	
I even tried it with a Sony z525 and a Motorola RAZR, and it still wont pair up, so be sure.	
didn't help and made new scratches.	
There's plastic covering to go over the keys.	
the idea of not having wires is great but the negatives outweigh the positives, i'm back to the wired earbud.	
Loses connection at a very short distance ( 8-10 feet).	
It was something along the lines of, "We do this so that if you're in the middle of a call, you won't lose it.	
Disappointed.	
Nothing more to add; does not let the extended life battery to be used; overall impression is "not impressed"	
I know from experience.	
You can use it in your left or right ear.	
I don't expect it to last forever and with how much I use it, 4 months is a long time.	
I should have done more research because if I would have I would have read that the cube does not have a remote that works with it.	
With the right pair of head phone's, this unit works great.	
I love this thing.	
Terrible design.	
As the pouch expanded every so slightly with use or age, it no longer held the Blackberry securely	
I am happy to say I received two brand new Palm-brand batteries.	
And the screen is too small to render anything anyways.	
Great leather case!	
Not bad for the money.	
why do you die even when you are being fed by your umbilical cord of electricity?	
HS850s are GREAT Bluetooth Headsets.	
Headset impedance (mine is 32 ohms, which is fairly low) was too high for the BT320s.	
I love colorful accessories and found this to be attractive and the Palm m100 useful.	
It's small and fits well in the palm of my hand.	
The camera phone works great for me and I think the pictures are very good quality.	
I bought this item for my phone.	
I am learning to live with the product.	
I thought the price was a great deal - not so great if they suck and I have to pay shipping to return them.	
I've owned the phone for almost 6 months and just found this tonight.The loudspeaker plays ringtones very clear at full volume.	
I wear glasses and I still have no problems with it being uncomfortable or fitting improperly.	
The retail price dropped from 299.00 down to 80.00 on this phone.	
This phone sucks bigtime.	
The new mic style on this model helps, but doesn't totally eliminate wind noise.It seems to have great battery life & is quite durable.	
That said, it still doesn't fit well, and is rather uncomfortable.	
I can't afford a bluetooth messing the conversation up.Having an ear piece in each ear is perfect and allows the call to be loud and clear on my end.	
Don't waste your money!.	
When I received this one I could see immediately it was not right and yet the model number written on it appeared to be correct.	
I got one that will hold a charge for 24 hours, unlike the factory original that works for 3 or 4 days!	
And of course, last but not least, the phone capabilities.	
I was amazed with not only the dilevery but the product it self.	
Nice product, it works great to charge your zune in you car, and without needing a computer.	
I found the look but sacrificed everything else I needed in a cell phone.	
Good Product - While It Worked.	
Strongly recommend you to NOT purchase this item!!!.	
THIS IS A USED BATTERY.	
My rating has nothing to do with the phone but it's about how I am going to get this phone and when.	
It could be a little hardier, and the earpiece a little more positive, in my opinion.	
I'm using this with a razr phone, used an a mini-usb to 2.5mm adapter, and it works great.	
Don't waste your money on any other unit.	
Phone is dual band.	
Convienient Device, Vendor Gizmoco sent quickly.	
It burned out after 20 minutes of talking.	
They said they would send the correct one and it has been a couple of weeks and I have not received anything.	
USB charger non standard.	
That was satisfying.	
It doesn't go on and off like a glove, more like taking off a wet-suit or a wet bathing suit.B.	
I do not recommend this product.	
Now I know why they give away coupons making this item essentially free.	
As luck would have it, one of the hard little earpieces that came with the Jawbone fits my ear perfectly, so I wasted $10 on the Eargels.	
Too much Chocolate makes you sick.	
I got this free with my RAZR.	
Did not work with my Treo650.	
disappointed.	
Overall very satisfied.	
Although a reviewer says they're disappointed with the thickness of this case, there's only so much you can take away.	
SO, I tried this.	
In my main living space, I consistently get a RSSI of -89 to -92, with 3-4 bars on my cellphone.The device is pretty much hands-off	
The vendor did help, but it took a long time to get this thing installed.	
Ok quality for the money, but hard to get comfortable.	
None of the four ear-pieces that came with it, fit my ear lobe and are very fragile, as some of the other reviews have stated.	
Logitech) looked great, sounded great and the neckband lasted 3 weeks and then ... snap!	
My iGo arrived today and I'm sending it right back.	
These are not new batteries, in my opinion.	
Worst Electronic Purchase I've Ever Made.	
This was MUCH worse than my good old undranded headphones I bought years ago in a thrift store.	
Hope these help!!	
Good product, Great price, Fast delivery.	
A useful, simple product.	
So I bought it myself.	
Great Product.	
The trick, IMO, is to start in one corner and carefully smooth out bubbles as you lay the plastic down.	
Great product!.	
Almost as nice as the Coach Cell Case, but a lot less expensive.	
It fits my Nokia 8290 very nicely.	
Excellent product.	
The 2nd one you can't hear the person on the other end but they can hear you.	
After having the Motorola H500 , I decided to step up to the H700.	
I just received the WIP320 Dec 22, 2007.	
If you're in doubt, give it a try.	
hotsync cable.	
Second of all, it is cheap, BUT NOT EFFECTIVE.	
Works like it should.	
I found the instructions helpful - easy to install.	
Not totally durable - but good none-the-less.	
I would definitely recommend this case to other Moto Q owners.	
MP3 player is located Mystuff>Games&Apps>Digital Audio Player.	
I've had several of these, they're all crap.	
Cable charges from some computers, but not all, and DOES NOT transfer any data nor is it recognized as a device by any computer I have tried.	
I started placing my order and on credit check form it complained about the zip code being different from the service area.	
The hinge to flip open the phone has completely broken -first just one side broke and pretty soon the entire thing broke.	
My only problem was the shipping (1 star).	
If you decide to buy this phone, Good luck.	
works great.In store they want 20 dollars.I payed 2 dollars and nintysix cents on amazon.	
Cheap & Poorly Made.	
Want something that doesn't feel worn?	
I dig it :)	
Verizon even tries to "sucker" you into perchasing "play it for 24 hours" deals.	
I use Microsoft Voice Command with my XV6700 PocketPC phone.	
Never disconnect and the voice quality is crystal clear.	
Yes, 5 years.. I bought this in 2006, the battery has finally gotten too old to be very useful anymore.	
Out of the package i was able to charge it and pair it with my phone.	
Great bluetooth item.. This is my second H350 and both work great.	
There's no difficulty opening the phone with the case installed.	
Clunky and didn't work after a few days.	
22:00 instead of 10:00pm)6- Cannot delete the default images in the gallery - unless you purchase additional connectivity hardware	
I did not need a phone with fancy gadgets.	
Somedays It works between three walls across 15 feet and sometimes it doesn't.	
The swivel is tight & it doesn't move unless you want it to which is great.	
It most definitely does not offer drop protection.	
I have s Sony mp3 headset that this resembles and thought that this would be the perfect solution, especially for the money.	
Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible.	
Great deal.	
So far so good, couldn't even find these locally.	
Just the vibrations of driving on a bumpy road, or walking was enough to knock them loose.	
Everything else is perfect, but without proper volume they're absolutely USELESS.	
Cell phone signal only got a small boost if placed almost on top of base unit.	
Well constructed.	
When i was at my mail box i was still connected to my phone i just had to turn a certain way and i could hear what the person was saying.	
Does What It Promises ... I'm buying another one.	
but the plug portion broke off inside the charger in the car.	
Best case of the lot.	
I bought this for my husband and he loved it!	
Best Product Ever.	
This thing is pretty but it echo's horribly and makes the callers who i talk with annoyed because it keeps making their voice echo	
Very happy with it.	
So we tried it again on the road when we were over 10 miles apart, but could only get the same results.	
Secondly about its batterly life, it doesnt hold charge more than 2 hr or so.	
Its amazingly slim, almost the thickness of a cd case.	
Incredibly versatile.	
Stupid.The volume levels on the phone are too low.	
Hesitant to buy because of the price.	
Breaks very easy.	
So, no voice dialing.	
This is unacceptable in a consumer device.Poor software quality and design makes the Treo 650 a hard device to rely on.	
I was really disappointed with these.	
It is made of a flexible vinyl/rubber(not a hard case), not like those silicone ones that stick in your pocket and attract lint.	
Very unreliable service.	
It's just too uncomfortable and the sound wasn't an improvement over the one that came with my laptop.	
This bluetooth is perfect.	
not as described.	
Id bump the star up if I could but not over 3.	
It looks kinda cool, but it's actually sized for a rather large ear and gives me two headaches	
Buy this headset... especially if you have a newer RAZR phone; you won't be sorry!	
Seems like this phone comes from another brand.	
After a year the ear loop broke, ok I have 3 more, but they are all different size and different ear.	
The case however was a loss and is now sitting in a drawer not being used.	
Bought 2, one for each of our RazR cell phones, with shipping for under $15.	
So, my tip is buy only for the leather cover because the two other products are pieces of worthless junk.	
Easy to use, extremely simple set up.	
Only a few would want to buy each cover individually, just to costomize their m100.	
THEY WORKED IN THE HOUSE!..RECEPTION IS GOOD.	
I am now one of those dorks and I love the convenience and increased productivity.	
Didn't fit correctly.	
My usable memory went from 5 mb to almost 11mb, and the phone is now completely stable.	
Please remember that it has no noise cancelling on the mic, therefore the mic picks up everything, and does it very well, including wind, radio, etc.	
I was NEVER able to use this once without it falling off my ear and being severely uncomfortable.Plain and simple... DO NOT BUY (in my opinion)	
The new V600 from Motorola finally arrived.	
Looks great.	
I paid for broadband access but the majority of the time I was on the slower national access.	
too many software glitches.	
WILL NEVER BUY AGAIN.	
Reading E-books and reviewing my vacation pictures is a joy now.	
Great Customer Service!.	
Very Nice Product.. This product does what is claims to do.	
Fits really well with no obstruction to cables or camera.	
Even though the advertising states they are an "Ultimate Stereo Bluetooth Headset" and as personally stated by an online rep.	
Not a problem with a BT computer tho.	
I think this gives people an opportunity to converse privately without using words and also for anyone who has any medical problems too.	
Why pay $120 if there's no added value?	
I have tried many bluetooth units and were never satisfied.	
Also, I can't seem to get the infrared port working.	
woohh...it is a nice phone....it can be used by all.....	
I think the phone case looks so nice and it gives great protecton for the Droid.	
parts missing.	
You must use this with your EnV to convert a Headset.	
The range and battery life on this is positive though..	
Trust me it really doesn't work.	
I got a cell phone earpiece for my daughter for Christmas.	
Good for activity.	
Yaa maybe if all I did from morning till evening was dialing their cust service line.	
Once I began using it I found that after 2 days the ear loop spring gets loose and the ear piece starts swinging wildly on your ear.	
Prior phones were from Nokia and Siemens.	
And for a good price.	
AT&T - Stick to Verizon or Sprint.	
There are usb cables that charge and are also data cables for this phone, but you have to buy it separately.	
The volume could be a little louder but overall -it's the bomb!	
It's camera and video is what one would expect; however it has a flash which many camera's on cell phones don't have.	
I've had three headsets and this is by far the best.	
After nine months my antenna stuck inside and would not come out again.	
It does a fine job at taking the music from the tape to a digital format and the CD sounds as good or better than the tape.	
I ordered 6 of these and had to pay shipping on each one.	
I could hear people fine but they complained that I was always braking up.	
It works with skype and any other windows program.	
I had to break it down into about seven files to be sure the files would fit on a CD.	
Only problems is that , in the car you have to make sure that the noise is down to a mininum in order for the person on the phone to hear you.	
Works well so far.	
I didn't bother to exchange.	
So I bought the exact same thing as a replacement.	
we paid the promo price of 24.99 for the i205's.	
This was this past Thurs.	
difficult to install.	
**I am not sure what went wrong, Coby or car's cassette player??	
AT & T no longer sells this product but it works great with the sims card that I have.	
You can now do everything with a pocket PC.	
Don't waste your money.	
If I wanted that experience, I would have just used the pay phone at the 7-11.	
Looks great too.	
Poor outgoing quality, unreliable.	
Please cancel necessary phone and service plan packages from your order.	
I found myself saying hello a couple of times at first but now I am used to it, that is a small difference between Bluetooth and a wired headset.	
Great Service.	
Dissapointed.	
I am able to drive and talk hands free.	
A tradiotional American CON JOB.	
This cable is not an official one from Sony but gets the job done.	
All in all, the least obtrusive and most comfortable case of all, IMHO.	
Don't waste your money.	
Not as good as the wired headset but good enough.	
I was sent broken phone.	
The camera is a gimmick.	
Very disappointed.	
Great clear simple headset.	
If I wear a jacket with a higher collar, I need to roll it down to pevent rubbing and making lots of noise.	
Having a clear and understandable conversation is very important for me and my customers.	
The menu system works very similar to the ipod as well, which I have grown accustomed to.	
Do I need to say more?Larry	
I like it okay.	
Overall it's great, if there's one drawback it's that you have to make the connection each time you get in the car but that only takes a few seconds.	
It starts to pinch after a while of wear.	
Great for Ipod.	
What a piece of crap.	
Not so much a phone as a music player.	
if you are looking for a bluetooth headset for a PS3, its not worth it.	
great deal!	
There are about 6 volume settings.	
Not anymore...ALL your pictures are sharp and clear after download.	
What the heck is that!	
I purchased this phone from Amazon.com with a contract from T-Mobile.After 1 year I am on my third V300.	
Nothing but aggravation!!.	
It is very easy to use and I have never had any complaints about people being able to hear when I use it to talk with.	
Even if it didnt have the camera or mp3 player, I would have bought it for the nice size and easibility of the browsing through the menues.	
Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset.	
So all LCD displays are not alike .	
If you buy the extended-life battery, the Q is no longer slim and thus loses one of its chief benefits.	
Actually, we have the original over ear quiet comfort, but the headphones sound even better.	
You must adjust the volume lower because it is so effective.	
Some are Cool.	
I find that with the choice of three different ear pieces you can be really comfortable too.	
yay battery.	
I started receiving a solid 2-3 bars in the large recreation room where I put the booster and 2 bars in the adjacent bedrooms.	
But I don't think anyone would complain.Next I bought a discovery 975.	
The device they sent me is NOT a Samsung OEM Data Cable and DOES NOT WORK with a Samsung Blackjack.	
This phone dropped LITERALLY every call I made.	
That's through two doors and about 30 feet.	
The plastic seems kind of cheap, which is probably what makes the thing so light, you barely even notice you have it on.	
This device paired easily with my Treo 650.	
I get airtime credit with my credit card and its's great.	
Today I tried it (just arrived!)	
In addition, videos are saved in Quicktime's mp4 format, which my experience has shown to be far superior to Windows' wma.	
It is supposed to work with Note2 but it does not.	
The range is suppose to be 50 feet.	
It failed to provide enough power to even make calls when plugged in.	
Works Great.	
The belt holder I purchased from my mobile dealer is less than ideal and didn't hold my phone snugly.	
Again, this sometimes is the fault of the phone, but not always.	
Otherwise, no "tunnel" experiences or other problems.	
This phone has terrible battery life, a big sacrifice for the thin profile.	
The first one I had was the LG PM325, and I liked it a lot until I broke it (which was entirely my fault, not a flaw of the phone).	
My husband also bought one and his works wonderfully.	
So far it has paired automatically with my phone (LG vx9900 and Moto V710) %100 of the time in about 2 seconds.	
you should realize yourself that if you live in the deserts of Nevada you will not have the greatest service.	
Moto Battery V3 Razr.	
I will recommend this product to anyone who loves there sony and wants a scratch free screen.	
Broken After 2 Months.	
This is my third Motorola, all three being disapointing.	
People tell me that they can't tell I am using a headset and that is important for my job.	
Perfect for people who work and play hard, and want a phone - not a pea sized laptop.	
You have to buy the power supply separately.	
My faceplate seemed to be brown-toned and didn't have any black like the online image depicts.	
I have found more positive than negative traits.	
Recently it started just turning off in mid call, and I had to charge it every day.	
The higher the volume, the louder the background noise, which probably stands to reason.	
Enjoy your new TracFone!	
Slowest phone in the world :(.	
Phone is NOT that important.... if it's important, the caller can leave a voice mail and wait for me to finish driving to call back.	
I am careful with my devices so I wasn't worried about protecting the screen.	
After completely charging it (phone off) over night, I used it, but it had a shorter life than the one I was replacing.	
It has bluetooth, wirelessLAN, GPRS, EDGE, IrDA and all you may need.. One of the best feature is its builtin large&backlit keyboard.	
Best Bluetooth Headset!!.	
I lost it and bought another.	
EXCELLENT for the price!!!.	
The cord, of course, fell apart after the return date so I'm stuck.I really don't recommend this cord.	
I highly recommend.	
Verizon has provided me with a new VX7000 however I lost all of my downloads.	
I had to keep syncing it with phone and not even a month later it quit working.	
I would recommend this company to others and would use it again myself.I have found all ear pieces to be somewhat uncomfortable for prolonged use.	
Receiving a phone call while listening to music is a no-brainer	
Great improvement over my previous Motorola phone.	
Love the autofocus... Hate the autofocus!	
Be wary if you wish to fit this case to the L6.	
Out the Window!.	
How can this be?I still love the reception of this phone for my service area.	
They are an alright fit but there are much better out there.	
Good sound quality and signal strength... for the 6 months it worked.. I bought this fm transmitter about 6 months ago and was fairly satisfied.	
this one was, well alot less than that.	
terrible sound levels.	
Once you unplug the phone, it will start charging.So you can only charge a battery , or phone, one at time.Frank	
i would highly recommend their service to anyone especially if you have kids.	
I ended my last review with DON'T GET A RAZR FOR ANY REASON!	
The only thing I don't like is how the ear hook sits over my ear.	
I went back to Walmart and tried the other two they had in stock, and they all suffered from the same problem.	
I HATE THIS PHONE!	
Palm 750 is the best phone so far.	
Don't buy from here!	
You can purchase software to help u/l and d/l pictures, ringtones, etc.	
Amazon shouldn't be selling this.	
I have been using it mostly while on the road and I have not had a single complaint about the quality of the sound.	
I'm a tech geek, and usually can figure out how to fix and configure electronics, but this one seemed like a terrible option.	
Amazing, but true!.	
Dont do it buy a new phone.	
My husband loved having this on his phone.	
I got these headphones to play guitar hero without scaring my neighors, but ended up using them with my whole entertainment center.	
These headphones are supposed to make me look cool like James Bond.Minor complaints for a near perfect product.	
A useful feature.- Customizable Navigation Key assignments.	
making it obvious to callers that you are in the car.	
It "sunk in" within 6 months......tried to remedy it, but no such luck.	
Overall, this is a great phone with good sound quality when you are taking a call in a noisy area.	
At least I could understand what people are saying.	
Hi,I like this product very much.	
Technically Challenged.	
I use it in the car.	
However, for the price difference and the ease of application, I would personally go with the Fellowes.	
Peformance ok (I think).	
It's like a silverish blue semi-translucent.	
Excellent price!	
My Treo's reception, however, was much better.	
I use them with my iphone 3gs.	
I have recommended this speaker to a number of friends.	
The inside is soft, so it doesn't scratch the phone.	
Krusell Genuine Leather Case Classic with Multidapt Sony Ericsson W810i.	
I thought to myself "Good Lord, I'm getting a piece!"	
Krusell-W810i.	
I ended up getting another headset for my SLVR because people had a hard time hearing me.	
The V600 has been discontinued because it is so buggy.	
I threw the remainder in the trash and I am going to buy something else tomorrow.	
the oem battery was on its last legs, only lasting a day.	
Palm Car Charger.	
Minimalistic.	
i love this bluetooth!	
Small yet stylish, great sound quality.	
Most people will note that the volume control buttons are "small" but you only really have to set it once-turn it all the way.	
Buy at your own risk, but if you should ever ask my opinion, I'll tell you plainly- NO!	
However, the replacement developed the exact same problem in a manner of weeks.	
Same story.......the worst sounding phone I've owned in 10 years.	
I think this operated about as promised but I just couldn't get it to stay in my ear.	
Good Design, Excellent Performance, Shoddy Manufacturing.	
I am always trying to get it to turn back on even if it has only been seconds between calls.	
don't like it.	
Why did Jabra have to discontinue?	
!1) SOOOO SLOW!	
My boyfriend purchased these eargels based on other reviews on the Jawbone BT headset which indicated that these could assist with fit issues.	
Yes it plays songs.	
But it is still a great phone.	
The price was great, but the lack of contact from the seller would make me think twice about buying from them.	
I called Platronics to find out how to get an ear loop and used my call to outline my disappointment.	
I bought the dash mount for my and my wife's car.	
It makes browsing the internet a true pleasure, which says a lot for a flip phone.	
Better off buying a really powerful megaphone..... Terrible phone in general.	
You just can't beat it for the price.	
I finally figured out how to get it to work right.	
This is completely incorrect.	
My phone has taken well over 120 photos of my pocket, my fingers, blurred scenes and random unintended places.	
I'm going to do a handy pro/con list.Pros:-Pretty design, very shiny and sleek.-Huge vibrant screen.-Durable.	
For $13 it's worth it minus the ear hook issue.	
The phones bluetooth i have not tried out yet but i will be buying a handset soon.	
When I did get it in good enough, I could not hear.	
The flip-up screen raises the center of gravity and makes the phone want to fall out of your hand.	
Hold a good charge and does what you want.My last battery is still pretty good (about 65% of what the new battery does) and I use it very often.	
Especially considering so many people break their cases here at my company.	
Even though I got it for free with some Verizon promotions it wasn't worth keeping.CONS* High pitch whistling sound during phone conversations.	
It's not working with Cingular LG CU 500.	
Many phone calls were missed because of this.	
It helped me make a good choice.	
The sound is great and the fit is comfortable.	
Good Enough.	
Even with these cons it is still eons ahead of other phones.EDIT	
Silver gives the Palm user a look of someone who is sophisticate and intelligent.	
it just was a waste of money.	
( Different bluetooth headset works fine ).	
the product does not work with the Treo 700 phone.	
I bought the phone four months ago and my main criteria were	
Awful for the person on the other end.. This device is very compact and incredibly lightweight.	
Many of the people who are complaining have not downloaded the latest phone software update.	
The reception slightly improved but the phone still dropped many calls.The cell phone ringer is extremely quiet and the vibrator very weak.	
Am most pleased with it!	
A charger for 2 bucks and a 8 buck shipping, now if i pay $5 more i can send it back and maybe end up with the right charger, MAYBE.	
Get T-Mobile's myFaves if you tend to call your tight-knit circle of friends a lot.	
Its not what you expect.	
Doesn't work.	
Compared to the razr, the slvr's keypad is extremely difficult to use.	
Bummed out when the mp3player on the chocolate wouldnt transmit to the headset only the wired headphones.	
Connections within urban areas and on interstates (except I-86) are clearer than Verizon.	
The other probelm is the leather flap gets weak over time and cracks and eventually will tear.	
They don't fit a Voyager Pro.	
Poor Product Not Worthy of Your Money.	
But as this model is EXTREMELY lightweight I prefer the headband it came with anyhow.	
I purchased a Samsung WEP-200 bluetooth headset and it was so unconfortable that it made my ear sore after wearing.	
but be aware of the defects.	
Skip this one.	
Certainly can't beat the price; even when I could FIND one locally it was at least $20.	
This antenna did not make any improvement in the cellular signal when I mounted it on my vehicle.	
Works poorly, and only for a while.	
It does all that I hoped it would do.	
I have been using this headset for about three months now, and while I am not intensely dissatisfied, it is certainly nothing special.	
I have tried three different brands in my quest to be able to listen to podcasts while driving.	
I wrote the company about my concerns but never received a response.	
The phone is horrible.	
There is an alarm clock, calendar and notepad that comes with the phone, however, the calendar does not sync with any software you already own.	
In my main living space, I was getting a RSSI of -102, with 0-1 bars on my phone (and many dropped calls).	
The card doesn't even come in the factory packaging as described.	
So, once the fuse goes its time to get another charger.	
I have been using this holster for a week now with no problems.	
Bluetooth & Software Problems.	
A bad fit.... The overall features of this product seemed to be just what I was looking for, however, features aside, the unit was a bad fit for me.	
When the phone has a full charge I can use it for more than a day before it goes dead, and I use it quite often.	
(at least so far).	
I use it in my car most of the time.	
Different Case Received.	
I begins to degrade rapidly at 4 to 6 feet with no obstacles in between me and the phone, which is significantly less distance than I expected.	
Bendable earhook seems flimsy at first, but after taking the time to adjust/form it to my earshape I see the wisdom of this design.	
The Phone also has expandable transflash memory, not included by Cingular, and can hold up to a 1GB card.7.	
Unusable in car.	
My opinion is based on having Verizon service for five years and using several phones (LG and Motorola).	
Complete silence on their end.	
With the mail in rebate we got the case free when we bought the Zire.	
The case does not fit properly.	
That's a much better device and well worth the extra money.	
I think Cingular made a mistake bringing this phone in the first place.	
After switching credit cards, I've spent days trying to give them the new number to bill to, with no luck.	
I purchased two of these chargers because of the price.	
The clips also rub against the part of the phone that is exposed (the hinge where the phone folds).	
At first it worked great.	
Now good price.. I use this headset with a cell phone 4-8 hours every day with no problems.	
A side effect of all this, is a tremendous drain on the Q's battery.	
good thing it was cheap.	
There aren't any "real" instructions, and when you connect the phone with the USB and the smallest CD, nothing happens...yet!	
I could have saved myself a bunch of time if I went to Amazon in the first place.	
It makes it much easier to hear while in a noisy car.	
The V551 is half the cost of the RAZR, reliable, better sound and uses a standard Moto charger.	
I returned mine as soon as I found out it was not genuine.	
So the trackphone with these prepaid airtime cards was perfect.	
Fits nice and tight.	
It's still working great.	
You can't use the keypad with the case door closed.2.	
Works great.	
People could hear me, but I couldn't hear them.	
I will get to the problems with the service.	
A great idea.	
I didn't hear you, what did you say?	
Worked Great!.	
Although this pouch is designed BlackBerry 8700 and 8703, I use it with my BB Curve (8300) as I don't like the one that's made for the curve.	
My original version burned out on one ear earpiece.	
Okay, definitely not great.	
Basically after a few months I would not be able to recharge the phone because of the connection.	
I love that it comes with three different sizes for each ear- although I do only use one size I happen to alternate ears.	
It does what it is supposed to do.	
ear bud is over sized and uncomfortable - don't waste your money.	
The only one that will work if you have two bluetooth phones.	
The speed is the same or slightly faster than a typical dial up.	
Great in the car!	
GPS not routing.	
Secondly the speaker phone function is completely useless unless you are in a dead silent area, otherwise it isnt loud enough.	
The Wireless Xcessories one from Amazon was nicer, same price, works fine.	
I called Amazon and they sent another complete kit.	
This is gerat.	
This phone is junk.	
There is NOTHING like it on the market and the T-mobile service has been a pleasant surprise.	
I feel I should have been warned it is the model for CHinese market!	
If you can find it super cheap then get a bunch of them, because that's the only way you'll see a massive change.	
The support people could not email me or send me a direct link to the firmware because it is "an international phone".Update	
Amazon was able to find it and ship it 1-2-3.	
Bluetooth Sucks on all Treos!.	
I have not had the oportunity to use the product as yet, so I can not rewiew it.	
The only reason why I am not raving about the product was the instruction for installing was not crystal clear.	
I received my order in 3 days via UPS.	
Bought this to replace a 3 year old original battery.	
(The earpieces tend to jumble the sound and I have difficulty understanding people.	
I have an huawei ascend m860 which has an 2.5mm plug for music.	
Go about 10 feet and the signal goes back down to 1 to 2 to roaming, this is line of sight of the base unit.	
I emailed the sales department but never got a reply.	
This thing is a waste of good money.. It works fine when people call me, but when I call people it doesn't work 50% of the time.	
Works fine so far.... I bought one of these like a year ago for (I think) around $1.	
The SK2 is great, FOR WHAT IT IS!	
2) When the phone hits the ground the battery flies out >50% of the time.	
Thus, I wanted a case that would retain those feature while protecting the phone.	
Cingular provides bluetooth and web access and you cant use either on a unlocked phone.	
My wife loves it!.	
I used to hear my old cell phone (nokia 3390) ring from upstairs.	
It did not meet OEM specifications.	
Because Motorola OEM batteries are made in Japan.	
Everything has a bluish purple cast.	
Compact; Not much thicker than the phone.	
Did not work in my car's tape player.	
I again went to a Sprint store where it was tested as being bad.	
I guess that Verizon service must really suck.	
Nice form factor, too bad I can't hear anything.	
I am very glad to buy it	
Nice phone, Cingular dissapointing.	
I feel like my jaw is floating up and away from my face.	
Bad ergonomics.	
So much for hands free - I might as well be holding the phone.3.	
I had it up and operational within about 5 minutes.	
The color is more of a burgandy not Red.	
i like that i can sync my phone in the case.	
No such thing as having an extra battery on a trip, for example.Internet browsing is cool, but so slow you think it stopped working.	
Delivery was as indicated by the vendor.	
It's a design disaster.	
This listing should be changed and the dealer should exchange them.	
and can make your own ringtones with.	
nice design...but the sound is mediocre.	
Not as good as a standard issue digital camera.	
This charger does not work with iPhone 3GS.	
(If you find one please let me know via a comment.)	
It has all these cool features but i honestly dont use them.	
I don't know if the seller has a bad batch bt250v with vibrating alert or Jabra should have left a good thing alone.	
It's not even close - almost none of the openings match up.	
This is just a horrible phone; it freezes up all the time, whether you are entering someone's number or you are checking email.	
The battery works really well.	
The newer version of this from HP is coming in the summer, so I recommend you wait for that one versus buying this one now.	
My first headset was the Motorola H500.	
It is a tight fight into the phone though...	
And I love that I can answer a call, answer call waiting, and disconnect a call all with the touch of a button.	
Lately the phone has simply stopped ringing altogether when an incoming call is detected.	
They are sending me a replacement, but the model I ordered from here is no longer being manufactured.	
Product came in on time and is exactly what I was looking for.	
No big deal though, but the thing doesn't even come close to fitting around my arm.	
However, THE PROS FAR OUTWEIGH THE CONS IN MY PARTICULAR SITUATION WITH MY PARTICULAR CELL PHONE.	
I had high hopes for this headset, having researched it and read many reviews.	
I am currently using a sony ericsson hb45 headset.The logitech looks much more refined and is classy in a nice black executive feel.	
This Phone is great.but it needs ringtones...it has about 15(well I download most of mine)!	
HS850 first time user.	
I am writing this to help potential buyers not make the same mistake I did.	
So I figured I would take it out and format it elsewhere.	
I switch between them.	
Apparently, the company that provided service for firefly changed.	
Poor Quality.	
I got this transmitter because of decent rating this transmitter has receive.	
where is it?.	
Great cheap handsfree set.	
I thought I was the only one this happened to.	
The clearity of the headset is very acceptable.	
This is my first bluetooth and was afraid I wasnt going to be able to hear.	
broke in a week.	
That's good general advice, but it especially applies to this holster.Actually, it's not so much a holster (into which an item slides) as a clip.	
I will be keeping my Samsung for as long as it lives.	
Music player, sound quality is amazing for this device.	
OEM accessories are supposed to be superior than aftermarket copies, in style and function.	
Save some money, snag a 510, and enjoy the technology as it should be.	
You get what you pay for.	
I'm surprised given that it's a Belkin product too.	
The Supertooth Light works well with my Sanyo Katana II bluetooth phone.	
Terrible quality, poor design.	
But it's always flashing!	
HL10 Handset lifter.	
flashing blue lights.	
I have now set it aside and ordered something else.	
The earpiece is covered by a thin and uncomfortable membrane, which isn't standard for motorola.	
BlueTooth Headset.	
Great seller!!.	
This phone has a really cool design.	
Worth the investment.	
To my disappointment and dismay, the battery is just a little too wide to seat in the T-720.	
great little phone.	
It can be used like a usb stick to hold data, photos, mp3, and even play back mp3s as ring tones.	
I would give negative stars if possible but this is a horrible model.	
DID NOT WORK, IT IS FROM CHINA, WHAT DO YOU EXPECT.	
The first one lasted 2 plus years and was the best blue tooth I've ever owned.	
Microscopic icons and print on the screen, even when text size is adjusted, the command lines remain tiny.	
I will continue to use Amazon, but Motorola is off my list for BT headsets (and possibly products alltogether).	
Instead, drive said car off a cliff.	
Make certain you're buying the REAL Jabra before you buy!AX~	
There is no web browsing like there is on other phones.	
Those who I talked to on the phone said it was very clear.	
I hate this phone!!!.	
I haven't received The LG yet so I can't vouch for it over my RAZR, but at this point, anything will do.RAZORS are for SHAVING.	
Does not work.	
Great Product, shipping was slower than expected.. This products fits my Treo 700wx very nicely and offers great protection.	
When charged they only lasted about 1 and a half days.	
This product works good, for MP3, movie.Good seller, keep on the good work.	
In fact, I use the Jabra 250v and love it.	
I bought the Voyager 510 for my wife after trying 4 other brands.	
It's not as good for the volume control, though.	
Review From User after 8 months.. People don't get this phone!!	
Hence, we would not be able to apply any credits against the roaming charges.	
It works great.	
I really enjoy using it.	
I need tweezers to remove it.	
Then static-city.. Bought the Plantronics Explorer 320 back in October of 2006.	
Mine has already fallen apart.	
It is a shame because the phone is nice and it would be nice to have a way to easily take the phone out.	
I am very unhappy with this device.	
You guys might want to wait for the upcoming V600, but if u can't wait, get this phone, the V300 looks even better than the V600.	
This headset worked really well for me - good volume, clear, very little wind noise.	
I only need one charger to charge all of my electronic devices.	
great phone, nuff said.	
Amazon made it all good by accepting the return and crediting my Amazon.com account.	
I did connect it to the PS3 first, but that really should not make any difference.	
I'd prefer a body glove type case but I needed something pronto.	
If they are going to advertise a feature, the product shipped should have it.	
This baby is the perfect companion!	
Anyways, future customers please be aware and do no purchase items that have a price which is too good to be true!	
Half the time I want to take it off to see what the heck I'm adjusting.	
A very happy user.	
It is so much better then a flip phone.	
& I know that ppl love to text.	
The Motorola HS850 Bluetooth headset doesn't give a quality sound, even when used with a motorola RAZR phone.	
My primary reason for getting a new headset was volume and I read reviews and people said it was loud and it is.	
Super duper.	
Has bells & whistles like camera phone, etc., but bottom line is that it works great, it's comfortable, it's super compact, and it's stylish.	
Or, if you like, I will sell you mine.	
the phone was in good condition and everything worked really well.	
No contact.	
Great cellphone ear headset, works great and received it faster than yesterday.	
We use commercial / MILSPEC 3-watt analog phones from a vendor, and special arrangements for carrier services.	
I have taken two 4+ hour trips with it and had to change the station only once both trips.	
Great price so if it does not last forever, I would still buy another.	
I really like this product.	
It was less than $7 including the battery and shipping.	
this is a pretty fun phone; ive had it for about a week and am still learning the features.	
My tracfone has worked out good so far.	
I don't know what some others have posted about the holes not lining up on the case with the Note; my aligned absolutely perfectly.	
It just does not work.	
The audio is pretty clear but, people can barely hear me when there is wind and other noises so, the noise cancellation is not that good.	
)This has not been the typical Amazon experience and I think this seller should be removed from their site.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!!!!	
Seeing that it had a 3.5 mm plug it I was very excited.	
tough to beat the price ;-)	
This was the perfect present!	
One hand control and able to view screen with the Treo still in the case.	
Of course, the static goes away when I switch to the phone's own speaker.	
With the 200mhz processor, the device is a bit slow, but still a great performer.	
Did it really do that?.	
The sound was fine until I placed the phone in it's case which hangs from my belt then it started cutting out and a lot of static.	
A Bad choice considering the limitations; a huge disappointment.	
If you want to waste your money this is the phone for you!.	
Great system, except I would like to see more of an adjustment for the phone mount unit.	
That has been my experience with this thing.The applications that come with the phone are mostly useless.	
A wonderful headset.	
Customer support was no help at all.	
A waste of time and money.	
I really hated that product.	
I THINK IF YOU WEAR GLASSES LIKE ME THIS HEADSET INTERFERES, BUT IT DOES SOUND GOOD AND IS PRETTY LIGHT.	
Another great HP product2.	
One of the best things I like is that there is nothing needed over the ear.	
It usually took me three or four tries to get this headset to turn off or on.	
I will have to admit, this is my first headset to own and use.	
The phone fits, but somewhat snugly.	
The sound is excellent compared to the Motorola H500 I had before.	
Seriously.In addition to it's short life-span, there were plenty of other problems I experienced during normal use.	
The battery works just fine with my phone.	
I can turn off the blinking blue light in the dark if i don`t want to be noticed.	
"I've recently fallen victim to another problem which resulted in even greater loss as I added time/money to my account not long ago.	
Good protection.	
Zoom functionality in the camera.Cons :0.	
Connecting a USB device should NOT be this difficult.	
The design is simple and intuitive.	
What a frustrating situation.	
The old battery was a Motorola BT50 - just like the one shown in the picture.	
I'm not sure if there is a way to lock the three front keys, but I never figured out how to.	
Works well even when having multiple people in the car talking through it.	
This is a pretty good model though, definitely enough to satisfy most users.	
No chance of it flying off you head.The clarity and signal are good.	
well i wanted a very basic phone and thats why i bought this one.	
I don't understand why it looks fine before it is saved, and so completely horrible later.	
But the audio cuts out intermittently.	
With everyone else, you can just connect the phone to a cable.If you want a RAZR phone - do NOT get one from Verizon!	
I would put the phone in my pocket and would get static.	
Put Driver CD in and then you are left wondering what to do to utilize the drivers.	
I had a very hard time changing from my Nokia 3650 to this phone.	
Take, for example, the phone application itself.	
One of my favorite purchases in recent years.	
I had 5 different motorola bluetooth earpiece and non of them could come close to the performance of this unit.	
This product works well for me.	
My Plantronics works much better for this.	
Very impressed with the product.	
BlueAnt Supertooth.	
Although people on the other side of the phone will have told you that you sound a bit distant, but still remain clear.	
And, I didn't have to extend my contract.I had to do a little research to make sure that it would work with my sims card.	
The older one had replaceable gel tips of various sizes that one could choose according to preference.	
THE HEADSET WILL NOT STAY ATTACHED TO MY HEAD... LOOKS LIKE I WASTED MY MONEY	
Bluetooth is difficult to set up on my Motorola cellphone (if any cellphone should be easy, it should be one made by the same company).	
I have heard some say that this &quot;cheap&quot; plastic snap-on is &quot;chinsy&quot; or &quot;cheasy&quot;, but I like it!	
Very disappointed.I got this because the old battery, which was4-5 years old, seemed to be going.	
The microphone worked well (actually better than I expected).	
Good Phone, Crappy company.	
now 2 weeks prior to one year the ear loop snapped off of this one.	
Defeats the purpose of buying a W810i (sleek and fits into pockets).	
I gave it every chance because I got it brand spanking new from Cingular for $65 as a replacement.	
Guess I'll buy a more expensive one and see how that works.	
When this device is plugged into your iPhone it says the phone does not recognize the device!	
Wouldn't recommend.	
Software is easy to use and intuitive.	
If you're a parent think about it !!	
They are working up to specs, no problemo.	
I also agree with some of the camera resolution complaints.	
Not a very honest seller.	
the company is good.	
This product was refreshingly 19.95.	
If you don't mind various shades of Blue on your Phone, it's okay.	
Wish they'd reinforce it, perhaps make the tabs (or the whole thing) out of metal somehow.	
I will add that After my 4th phone dying on me, I decided to cancel my service with Cingular, which renders my locked phone a $400 paperweight.	
THE BLUEANT SUPERTOOTH LIGHT BLUETEOOTH SPEAKER PHONE IS WORKING VERY GOOD.	
Superglue didn't work - after trying to repair them, the band quickly cracked again even before I got to put them on.	
It's flimsy, cheap, and all around worthless.	
My dislikes	
Three strikes and they're out.There's a lemon law in the USA to protect customers against companies like Motorola.	
The one I recieve has several design flaws.	
I bought this swivel case, it broke after less than three weeks, then I got the replacement, it broke after less than two weeks.	
too bulky & stitches started to give out... within a couple of months.	
I went to RadioShak first to buy an adapter for $5- didn't work- LG is proprietary.	
And yes, for me, above all, I can send SMS text messages to my family and friends in countries across globe.	
If you enter a new appointment in your calendar on the phone, it automatically sets an alarm as a default that cannot be shut off.	
Finding the * and # keys is even harder!	
That's about as good as you can get, right?	
I just downloaded a bunch of TV sounds like Looney Tunes."""	
My first phone did this and so did my replacement.	
If you plan to use your cell phone when you feel threatened, you might want to consider going with another carrier.	
Did I say that?	
I got this battery and the first day it lasted about 12 hours now it lasts about 8 and I hardly use my phone.	
I switched over to the Sony Product from Motorola.	
I hooked it up to my Blackberry, and my Iphone.	
The reception is very poor.	
You reboot the phone and it's still screwy.	
Thats who i recomend it the most.	
And I was right - they both LOVE them.	
I am extremely dissapointed with the quality.	
Arrived on time.	
I use them all the time and have not run into any major issues.	
I have bought three separate products from Eforcity.	
It doesn't work.	
I am most disappointed.	
It clips over the trousers, but also has a belt loop which definitely should be used to prevent the holder and phone from falling off.	
i just love it!	
I would suggest to anyone buying this product to not, it just does not work.	
I chose it mainly for the style and comfort, unfortunately the static wouldn't go away so I returned it.	
Product has a volume problem.	
If the phone is closed and in your pocket or on your belt and the buttons get bumped for whatever reason, your phone beeps at full volume.	
I've been using this battery for a few weeks now and it's as good as the original Samsung OEM.	
Decent sound and talking, BAD BAD sound isolation.	
Also, people I talked to said they couldn't hear me very well.I'm sure it works well with some phones, but not with the A900.	
It's clear without static and easy to operate.	
I have not encountered any problems with the clarity of the sound and everyone seems to hear me just fine.	
I couldn't smile or shake my head without constantly wondering if the headset would fall off.I gave it a few days and called it quits.	
Holds its charge very well; I charge it maybe once a week or two.	
I love the quality of the product and the LOW PRICE!	
I make a lot of international calls and have found the sound quality is superb- better even, in most cases, than a &quot;conventional&quot; phone.	
The phone part is improved but dual band would be an even better improvement.	
Bad decision!	
Plus it looks very slick too, many people have commented on its cool appearance.The one downside for me is that the phone is a bit heavy.	
I've only tried two other bluetooth headsets, but this one was by far the most comfortable to wear for an extended period of time, 6-8 hours.	
I wouldn't recommend buying this product and taking the risk, though.	
The battery life is okay and usually about 2-5 hours on a normal day.	
The color is great!	
Does not perform well, weak signal does not allow quality sound from ipod to radio.	
Sometimes a guy just doesn't feel like wearing a belt but has to carry his cell phone!	
It turns out that we were lucky when we bought them, because we received the phones with the latest firmware upgrade.	
The screens (inside and out) wash out and are unreadable in even moderate sunlight.2.	
The battery is horrible in my opinion.	
Overall, a good value if they'd just fix the inevitable break of the mic.	
I returned it, and a replacement was sent, which was also defective.	
Mind you, I always carefully placed my phone in protective purse pockets when out & about.	
She really liked and appreciated it.	
Turns off whenever it wants.	
Still, all and all, a great product.	
Thats right the 2.5mm jack works in x-box communicators (so take that microsoft)!	
This headset was defective because I could hear other people but they could not hear me!	
It was important.	
I've been through a good couple of headsets in a short amount of time and I must say that this is the 1st one that has worked the best for me.	
BE AWARE!!!	
Won't work with iPhone since new software release.	
It is light weight too.	
Right now, I'm looking for something more rugged.	
satisfaction.	
I purchased this k1 for my daughter.	
for example, when i travel within the US, i use a cheap, old nokia (only because i wouldnt really care if it got stolen).	
The Samsung connected easily and never dropped my call.	
My last phone was a Non-Color (yes, it was old) Nokia.	
Neither the headset or the cover fit the phone.	
I OPENED THIS FROM A SEALED PACKAGE AND RIGHT FROM THE START IT DID NOT WORK.	
I can only suggest they stop paying peanuts for the designs, and start getting humans (or even robots?)	
I actually returned the first pair I bought, thinking the foam pads were accidentally left out.The in ear sound is OK.	
I constantly had static, even when the phone was 1 or 2 feet away from the headset.	
And people can actually hear you!We have 7 wireless headsets working in our office and 2 are the CS-55.	
I should open this review by stating that I love the form factor, and the design.	
Windows 6 is very user friendly.	
Do not believe their adds, I never had so many dropped calls and poor reception as I have with Cingular.	
Motorola is not the easiest place to get customer support.	
You do not need to direct wire, but it is easy and in both my vehicles they are directly wired.	
While change is ordinarily good, here the phone is pretty much the exact same (at least in function).	
I had to download the drivers for the usb hook up and after following the directions it worked smoothly.	
The case does its job wonderfully.	
Four out of those six settings causes an annoying echo for whoever you are speaking with.	
I could not get LTE in many areas that I normally do, as well as dropped calls.	
I love the MS office with adobe that comes pre-installed.	
Motorola Razr V3 charger.	
If a battery works as it should for this long, then there is nothing to complain about.	
Yep...demonstrated it by letting gravity do its thing on his own phone and it was so well protected it practically bounced.	
I bought my first Jabra about 8 months ago.	
Ear phones on one, Mic on another.	
software interface is TEDIOUS.	
You will not be sorry, I traded a Treo for this and I don't regret a thing.	
For many apps the critical options are hidden away from the user.	
Those work well but I still have a hard time hearing people when I'm driving in a car, or there is a low level of ambient noise in the background.	
This may be an issue with Verizon rather than with the phone.	
The item was fine.	
My wife uses it to clip the phone to her bag.Because were so cheap I actually bought two different clips.	
My initial impression was this phone was very tiny.	
I find this true anywhere that there's high frequency noise	
It was a little tricky to install, but after a few attempts it went on perfectly, without air bubbles.	
I screwed up and left the phone sitting on the back of my motorcycle and took off down the road.	
Scosche IU3.5RC 3.5mm Retractable Cable.	
I think that perhaps some of the sellers on Amazon have written quite a few positive reviews so that the product would seem more likable.	
The web site is inaccurate and the phone reps are poorly trained.	
Sound quality is very good and clear	
Earpiece too heavy.	
You can use it to pick up, redial, voice dial, switch to another paired device, and a couple more things.	
The third one works as good as the first one, choppy, unreliable and it drops every second conversation from the headset to the phone.	
I signed up for a Sprint plan with Power Vision and the Samsung A920 was the choice I made for a Power Vision capable phone.	
While they are very small and light weight they do not offer many comfortable positions on someone with a larger than average head.	
I purchased the M500 a few months ago and ended up throwing it out after I got the hs850 in.	
The hot pink color was pretty cool too.	
My wife and I each have the Fusic - for 6 months now.	
I have the smaller version of this case for my Nokia N75 and I love it.	
Inside it was 0-2, resulting in dropped calls and little enjoyment of all the entertaining features of the new (at Christmas) Iphone.	
After a month or so, I bought a Motorola 500, which works great--stick to over the ear!	
Might want to keep a car charger handy, or an extra battery.	
This is a horrible product.	
I see absolutely no reason to pick t-mobile as your prepay service provider.	
Otherwise, I really think this phone is a good phone.	
Never Use ANTONLINE.COM.	
Good for one year.	
Great Buy!.	
I like the phone, but ended up replacing it.	
It will cost me more to return it so I'll just keep it.	
Didn't like it.	
They also sell a splitter for this so you can charge more than one thing at once.The blue lighting on the charger is also cool.	
So Far, So Good.	
iGo--NEVER AGAIN.	
DONT BUY THIS IF YOU VALUE YOUR SANITY!!!!!.	
I was very disappointed in this item.	
The features on this phone are awesome, but the design of the phone is terrible.	
I've turned the brightness down to the lowest setting, and it is plenty bright.	
Perfect fit for the Motorola SLVR series (I have an L2).	
Just as good as a Motorola product with easy to read charging display.	
This headset is AWESOME -- sound is clear for both ends and is so easy to setup.	
It fits my phone snugly and does not slip around.	
Useful combo.	
I was hesitant to get the KRZR K1 because of the some of the negative reviews but my experience has been nothing short of excellent.	
I've contacted the seller and recieved no response, waste of time and money.	
This unit allows voice answer capability.	
I've had the Razr for 3 hours and have already set it up the way I want it, including locking myself out of those expensive Media Net buttons.	
Not only that I have been having issues getting either warranty replacement or service on the unit.	
Non-standard hands-free socket.	
If you want to check your email you will have to press option plus send button!	
Avoid at all cost!.	
best headset yet.	
nice case!.	
They also both emit a light "hissing" sound in the earpiece when talking.	
Quit working after 60 days.	
I am extremely computer savvy and technically literate.	
With no browser you are stuck with the god awfully ring tones.	
Only use as a last resort.	
Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset.	
Useless microphone.	
Performance is sub-par.If you don't use Outlook and just want to back up phone numbers, this will probably do.	
Each email was responded with "we will expedite your request."	
I had a StarTac for 3 years and that thing is still kicking.	
For the most part it's good, maybe not as good as sprint or verizon but I can't tell the difference.	
Called support and they assured me it was compatible.	
Which I thought would be even better, but the battery does not keep a charge for as long as the 1000mAh original.	
Forget completely about pictures in low light.- Windows Mobile 5 was initially rather buggy, especially on the 8125.	
Works Great and Easy to set-up.	
This fits the bill perfectly.	
I had a Jabra 250, but this one has much better sound clarity.	
I thought Coby was a decent enough brand but when using this adapter the sound only comes out clearly on one side of the speaker.	
So if you don't care about your PDA/cell phone having a camera and want to get what used to be a $500 phone very cheap, scout around for a Treo 300.	
Sometimes it decides it's not going to recognize my SIM card.	
There is something wrong with the friction wheel in the device that fails after a few dozen hours of work.	
Phone cover.	
My phone was placing a call to the first person in my address book (also my last number dialed).	
THe fact that it's made by Motorola and blue was a big plus.	
I had to returned it to Amazon.	
)To play music you will have to get a MicroSD card.	
It has never arrived, but due to costs of shipping and bureaucracy on it.	
Camera attachment is just there to lure you in.5.	
Light and comfortable.	
Don't know why this is nesseary.	
Bluetooth Headset.	
Totally worthless after a couple of months.	
Sprint- Bad Service.	
One-touch push to call by command without having to look at phone (though may vary from phone to phone).	
It is very functional and durable.	
Slow shutter times and pictures that are worse than what I can manage with my old school RAZR.	
The difference in sound quality is noticeably different.	
Most of the units I have used have been inadequate in overcoming road noise and providing clarity.	
If it wasn't for the crack, I would have easily rated the headphones 4 stars.	
h500 bluetooth headset soft touch!.	
Mobile Data 3-in-1 USB Travel Kit for Palm Treo 650.	
So, not worth anything to us.	
My friend hasn't had any problems with this thing yet.	
I know not everyone may like this headset, but for what I want it and use it for, it is AWESOME!	
After about 3 days with the replacement set, once again they went into pairing mode, and then later would not turn on.	
I have had two "monster" transmitters and have been very pleased with the sound quality and ability to find clear stations.	
It has lots of features for a decent priced phone.	
Worth the price.	
Not impressed.	
OK...to be honest I really don't like it at all.	
Also, it fits nicely into my stylus pen's slot.	
Does NOT work with my Creative ZEN.	
fast and cheap.	
I really didn't want to go through this mailing thing back and forth.	
Poorly made.	
So the w810i turned out to be a better deal if you like the candy bar form versus the clamshell.Also, the AC adapter included is the standard model.	
I was told to wait 3-5 days for the shipping label, and I was told I could not take it to the local Cingular store.	
This is my 2nd set of headphones from this company.	
You will be pouring your money down the drain.	
I found THAT almost hard to believe, but, after the 2nd person told me the same thing, I was a convert.	
An all-in-one unit is a great concept, but like many Sony products I own, this is a terrible execution.	
The range is good and the quality is also nice.	
I purchased them several years ago, I have never found a better Bluetooth headset.	
When I turned the phone on the external screen was all jumbled with lines running across it and a big black spot.	
Music started playing, and I was happy.	
The orginal one I bought from a T-Mobil store.	
To engage this, if the phone is closed, you must press the bottom button on the left side and hold it for around 2 seconds.	
I turned the phone off and it was still playing!	
I discovered that you need to plug in the AC cord first and then plug in the device you wish to power with it.	
So, this does work with every phone.The sound quality is good.	
I really believe there should be a recall for this phone.	
Rock solid feel and function, nice look,.	
Oh, did I mention the LED lights?	
Dont Get IT!	
Material got hard and clip started to break.	
Cell phone case too small for HTC TYTN.	
Great product for the price.. Yeah, it is just a cell phone cover, but for the price it is very high quality.	
I DO NOT RECOMMEND.	
Given the charger's price, my suspicion is the charger was counterfeit.	
I wouldn't buy this phone for a toddler if I had to... I'm serious!	
Ummmm... that's about it.I really don't want to return this (what a pain!	
HORRIBLE!!!!!.	
This case is excellent!	
Still, it did what it was supposed to do I guess..it protected my phone from being damaged.	
overall does what it needs to do.	
Doesn't fit well at all, hard to get into ear.. I bought these to help with what I've read, to get the Jawbone to fit better.	
Wow, once you install the right ear bud pieces on the headset; became very comfortable and sound great.	
Currently hides behind my stearing wheel.	
It charges the battery of my Creative Zen much faster than the computer cable which used to take overnight.	
So calls can not be made from a car.	
My main problem with this phone is the menu system.	
depending on the game, the w600i can be used vertically or horizontally to play its games.	
The photo in the ad showed an embossed logo of some sort - mine is just a plain front which I prefer.	
I can't hear anything.	
I owned Plantronic before it was so good until the charging port damaged.	
disappointed.	
My original one was a free upgrade but after two weeks I was willing to spend 100 on a replacement.	
That will let you sync your phone with your computer.	
for this item.	
It is a shame that I O Gear chose to change the design, the previous model was so comfortable, that I did not even know I was wearing the earpiece.	
I can't do much better anywhere in the yard.	
Too bad the first one was such a hassle.	
I have never recieved any thing so fast in all my life.	
The color display makes me so happy.	
The connection with the cellphone sometimes is not very well especially when you move.	
As a result, it is literally glued to the phone, I'll have to cut it off to remove it.	
The talk time is great.	
I'm very glad I bought it - I've had it for a couple of weeks and once I get the auto charger, I'll be even happier.	
Clear covering over keypad is pretty easy to work thru.A little pricey over 15 bucks but probably the best choice out there.	
It comes with three different size ear plugs so you can find the one that is right for you.	
Their support personnel wrote me this cop out note when, after purchasing, I inquired why they wouldn't work as their advertising states.	
On the plus side this phone has good audio quality and seems to be better at maintaining a connection than the last two phones I've owned.	
You can use the same battery charger that the phone use.	
NO SUPPORT AND THEY WOULDNT GIVE ME A REFUND OR REPAIR THE PRODUCT	
Works as I expected.	
Unfortunately only one works well.	
I bought this headset based on positive reviews posted here.	
At least they responded, I suppose.	
Just don't expect it to be very durable and inspect it thoroughly upon receipt.	
I was refundes $0.00 because the packing slip with the replacement order said $0.00.	
I had the interviews ready to hand in multiple formats.	
It does have a clip, which is what I wanted.	
Well, I am not too happy with my purchase.	
Small and simple with good clarity.	
I purchased this phone cover and its an okay item but the picture was decieving.	
Using this adapter you may experience these problems; but they are the fault of the FastPort design, not this specific adapter.	
It makes driving and life so much easier and safer.	
A hands-on demo would have nixed these without spending the money first.	
Does your time have any value????	
The first one lost its volume after a couple of months.	
I am very happy with this product.	
Surprisingly, they paired easily and sounded really good.	
My only complaints are it needs more ram and there is noticable flicker on the display.	
After buying the product I discovered it is not compatible with the phone.	
And then the software takes its sweet time to reposition the application for you.	
Amaizing sound for a bluetooth device.	
The sound quality is excellent.However, there are major quality control problems.	
My problems with nextel did not stop when I canceled my service.	
Excellent!.	
exchanged it with the company and 2nd one didn't work either.	
Don't waste your time!.	
I don't think I could have made a better choice.Do a search on eBay for this phone and you will find much better deals.	
I've paired this with a Samsung M510 and HTC-PPC6800.	
Boxwave Anti-Glares should just cost no more than $3.	
Great Headset.	
Sound and call quality is very good as is battery life between charges.	
Small but Mighty.	
Great price, and shipped quickly and at a reasonable rate.	
Once you get over the feeling that it'll fall out of your ear and realize that it won't, it's just great.	
If you intend to buy a phone from them get the least expensive plan first.	
Review E317.	
The best part is that cingular also does not let you cancell the connectoin without paying up until the end of your billing cycle.	
The Omni directional microphone performs as well as one might expect.	
I even made sure that the photos matched before I ordered it too.	
Writing is sleek.	
Okay, so it's not high-speed internet, but WOW!	
My wife and I both got this headset to use with our Razr cellphones.	
Shorten the length of time the displays and kepad are lit after a phone call is completed.	
Xingtone 5 is advertised as being compatible with a Nokia 6030 phone.	
This razr car charger only worked for about 1 week then quit working.. I would not recommend this vendors products..	
I have never been a big fan of Motorola phones, opting for Samsung since Samsung phones are usually a little more user friendly and offer more fluff.	
I am hard of hearing to start out with.	
Good Sexy average headset.	
I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to put on, and how much it revamped my love of my phone's sleek style.	
If I remove this thing, and just use the phone without the headset, they all say that they can hear me well.	
Not only did I waste my money, but now I have to find something else.	
One of my friends recommended I check out Amazon and I did.	
Overall i love the phone it would have been better if you could control the ringtones.	
Better yet, how about an actual battery indicator like on cellphones?)10.	
A friend of mine suggested that I not use it when I'm talking to a client because it is very annoying.	
Like a phone that does the basics well.	
The first thing I did was to put in the SIM card and battery and plugged in the charger.	
Reception for this phone is terrible.	
Other than that, it seems to work fine.	
Or imagine someone at home in bed who hears a burglar break the window downstairs.	
Otherwise, I don't recommend it if you want to use it in the car.	
Thought it was great until it stopped working!.	
I don't know how to get it off.	
This has only 1 speed ff, which roughly takes about 5 sec for 1 min.2.	
The armband is strong, flexible, and comfortable to exercise with.	
I would easily recommend this product.	
Always nice to get a product that works as stated.	
No more calling people from my pocket!	
Needless to say, I'm quite impressed.	
THumb down for Amazon, you do not need to be that CHEAP.	
Audio is great, in my opinion; calls come in clear and I can be heard clearly even on speakerphone2.	
Doesn't replace a good digicam, but is the best phone camera I've seen so far.	
Affordable and functional.	
I bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality.	
The product works as intended.	
* Camera quality is great for impromptu shots.	
The stereo mode works great with iTunes or WMP, with the track buttons on the headset, too.	
!Hope you find this helpfulBTW the sticky stuff on the keyboard is a a real pain to get off !	
I'm not so happy with this product after installing it on my device.	
And I'm no germophobe!	
Terrible Fit.	
Good product, just what I needed at a good price.	
I was constantly getting the message "network not available".	
As stated above my wife is sort of tech-challenged but loves pictures and loves to talk.	
hands free phone accessory.	
Not a good design.	
I can't recommend this.	
*The convenient web-browser button is not so convenient.	
T-Mobile Dash "Clear" Snap on Case.	
Samsung technical support agreed that it doesn't work and their response to me was "too bad for you".	
It is MUCH better than my old headset.	
Ask me, this phone had lots problems but mainly it crashes and displays the main screen.	
The power button was very difficult to figure out and use.	
It works well ,I will get two hours service before it needs a recharge.	
I HATE the keypad!!	
Electronics Order.	
It absolutely is NOT.	
Can't go wrong with this product .	
There is even a light with a switch so that you can use it in the dark with turning on an overhead light.	
It totaly spoiled the experience.	
Can't hear you.	
I don't mean that.	
Maybe amazon should pay more attention.	
They are an uncomfortable shape/size.	
The Charger simply didnt work.	
I use the Internet for work purposes quite a bit and I have found typing easier than expected.	
Very impressive piece of hardware.	
short battery life.	
Very comfortable and after a few days you even forget that you have the device hanging from your ear.	
Great introduction to cell phone possibilities.	
and pretty heavy base.	
A truly bad product from Belkin!	
I talked to my wife yesterday and the phone cut out a couple of times.	
Delivery was on time, Product was in seald, Brand new as it says on the web,I will recomend my friends >>>> Suhel,N.J	
I GOT STUCK WITH 11 PHONES that DO NOT WORK IN THE US.	
Batteries wont hold charge.. I would like a refund.	
Plenty of cord available to permit housing phone anywhere on the dash.	
I used this phone from August 2002 - November 2003.	
I'm really disappointed by the way they treat their customers and Amazon putting a wrong description of the product.	
The magnet for shuting off the Pearl's screen works perfect.	
I tried in another car and it's loud.	
Big bang for the buck.	
Called T-Mobile support.. They are putting in a request to point an antenna towards my house.	
Couldn't find any covers in the stores that were priced as well as this.	
However, the easier predictive text entry fo the Blackberry 7100t makes it easy to type and send email.	
It would only charge.	
Great fidelity!.	
Plus, you don't have to wear it off your ear - either clip it to your shirt / jacket or hang it around your neck.We use sony ericsson for our phones.	
For example, it is useless in an airport, and I can barely hear it when driving at highway speed in my car (which is fairly quiet).	
Very please with my screen protector.	
They could not.	
I know the Razr V3 isn't the newest of phones and that a replacement for it will be available soon; but I must say this.	
Cheap Battery, Cheap Performance.	
Is a very poor copy of the original.Initial price should be 10 USD.Do not by if you care about your money.	
But...the sound for the person listening to you is truly awful.	
You should have said in the ad there wasn't a charger	
A good case for R280LX.	
Phone fit perfectly.	
It's a $25 buck case retail.	
After about two hours of talking, the signal is too weak to stay connected to the phone.	
AIM Instant Messaging7.	
However, when I recieved the battery it was a BT51 instead.	
A friend and I bought the Jawbone together, and both of us are seriously under-whelmed by its "military grade noise shield technology".	
The RAZR a MUCH better choice!	
Material + Worksmanship is excellent.	
I prefer the wired headset over bluetooth as the bluetooth quality of sound deteriorates too quickly.	
I hope you enjoy it!	
I've been on edge because of the prior slim designs, but this is a bit heavier.	
Try it...I'd been shopping for many months now for a good phone and a portable mp3 player.	
I am very disappointed.	
4.0 Motorola Phone Tools with Original Motorola Cable.	
And this fills my bill nicely.	
I bought this battery because the old one I had that came with the phone wouldn't hold a charge for very long.	
I got this for my International Galaxy note N7000 and it fits great.	
The snaps themselves break.. 1.	
We haven't received the replacement yet so I can't comment on that.	
This car charger is still working; whereas the original motorola car charger blew the fuse box after just one time use.	
Works perfectly with the xbox controllers and for the price can't be more pleased.	
I bought it for my Ford Taurus which costs $800 to add a CD changer to.	
I can wear that and don't hear any echo, or any sort of static.	
The reception seems to be about equal with both phones in the area we live.	
Wish I could have tried it before buying.	
I guess you get what you pay for, the clip broke within the first day.	
I can really utilize docs, excell, pdfs very easily.	
Contrary to what some people have said, it *does* simultaneously connect with a phone and PC.	
Add a 4GB or 8GB sd memory card, and you essentially have an iPod nano inside your phone.The good 	
i ordered 2 seperate starter kits the one for my wife was right but the one for me was the wrong phone.	
I get so many comments oh where did you get the that phone?	
I pulled off the road and turned off my MP3 and the surprise was that there was an actual station on the setting I was using.	
Fast delivery, product as stated ....+-ADT	
Slim, feature packed and GPS Navigation.	
I never really had any problems with the phone such as reception or battery life.	
I also can download the photo's in my camera to my computer.	
Works perfectly.. I've used this headset for over a month now with my SE w810i and I've had zero problems with it.	
Great price.. Battery at phone store was three times what I paided at Amazon.It works just fine.	
Range in the office is great, closer to 50 feet away is average before it will drop.	
Do not waste your money.	
I fiddled around with the controls for a long time and made about 35 calls to my wife to test (she was annoyed).	
Fits okay, sounds good, costs little.	
I guess that isn't a really bad problem so I think if I could, I would rate this 4 1/2 stars, but the price is kinda high for the product.	
The front pocket does a fine job of holding the phone and I haven't had trouble with the back holding the battery.	
Overall, a great headset.	
Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse.	
when you're in the car and need to charge both devices off a single car charger2.)	
Went dead after 3 months use.	
That was my first disappointment, regretably there were more to come.	
I think it is perfectly a walkman phone with good sound quality.	
Amazon should state that this product cost what it cost only if you get the $29.99 data plan and not sneak it into your cost.	
These are 600mAH and the one I received was open circuit.Get the more expensive ones that Staples sell.	
only if it looked better.	
Same reliable Plantronics quality, works with the HL-10 lifter that I already had, and is crystal clear with the Dect 6.0 technology.	
Dont recommend.	
you have to remove ear hook to charge and you will break it doing this, no matter how careful you are.	
And the contract is for two years.	
It started playing the mp3 I had set up as the ring tone but the phone never actually said I was receiving a call.	
If you don't hold it down long enough to turn it off, it does a re-dial.	
Works as expected.. A pretty simple, but necessary device if you find yourself away from your laptop or wall charger for long periods of time.	
All devices should standardize on USB power with a mini B connector.	
(granted this is subjective)Camera pics are blurred and again not as good as my wifes off brand.	
Great Blu-tooth.	
Awesome Screen protector.	
A paper airplane with a note and a strong wind is more effective than this phone.	
The worst part is that my phone usually does not tell me it has a low battery until the middle of a phone conversation.	
Everybody complains that he/she cannot hear me when I use this crappy Soyo headset with my cellphone.	
If you dont talk at all standby time will be 15 hours.Normally it is supposed to be good for 100 hours.Go and buy original one from motorola store.	
she cant get a new phone til august, but her battery only lasted an hour off the charger!	
Then I received the wrong battery.	
This is the best prepaid deal.. If you're looking for a good prepaid pay as you go plan, then this is it.	
It paired easily with her Env2 Verizon phone.	
Motorola Phone Tools 4.0 Software.	
I don't know how I got along without one before.	
Excellent VFM (value for money).	
It just breaks.	
This is useless and a waste of money and resources.	
Thank you Amazon	
Very clear and comfortable to wear.	
Unless you have a very quiet place to talk.... The problem with Bluetooth headsets in general is they are near your ear but 4-5 inches your mouth.	
It works just like the original!.	
Seems like a design flaw to me and I feel a bit ripped off.	
These phones don't last.	
It is easy to put on as well as take off and it stays put.	
Earpieces are largest I have seen so far.	
The headset gets 4 stars, Webtreo only gets 1 star.I wouldn't order any products from them again.	
My daughter had "customized" the otside of the phone with glu-on pearly stuff by then, so we could not get a replacement.	
I like the privacy and the individual plans too.	
Sound is clear, size is small.	
Superb sound (HiFi)3.	
It is lightweight and comfortable.	
I was apprehensive at first with the number of so so reviews on Amazon, but what is a better alternative?	
Such lack of durability is not acceptable regardless of cost.	
Not a good battery.	
I had to remove the ear loop so that I could get the unit close enough to my ear to hear it.2.	
After receiving this and using it, I discovered that all 4 of my speakers work with my ipod.	
C. The camera is poor at best.	
Good sound bad construction.	
No sound at all.Im gonna try it out with a Rzr to see if the problem is of compatibility,although the sellers specs.	
To any ppl who are in the market for a new phone, I whole heartedly recomment the motorola SLVR L7.	
When you check your minutes this is a very daunting process because of the unknown words verizon uses.	
First of all, I despise the fact that the state of CA made me purchase a headset.	
Fortunately the phone landed on my lap and not the ground.	
Overall I am very pleased	
I charged the unit and then called Nokia tech support and in less than 15 minutes the headset was giving me a low battery warning.	
Cheaply made.	
Definitely get one that has some sort of closure or flap.	
The ph has some good features but LCD screen is very flimsy and pressure sensitive.	
Plus while clicking a video, the light goes on and off, if the flash light is turned on.3.	
You don't have to be a battery lover to like this one.	
Don't go with the flow!	
I havent had signal for almost two weeks.	
I got this phone in August 2002.	
I've paired this with Motorola Krazr, Razr, Blackberry and Treo.	
Good lookin'.	
However, the buttons are really tiny and scrunched together.	
My Upgrade.	
It makes a connection, but it's in at an angle and not really seated.	
Great color screen, bluetooth, good reception, decent camera, user-friendly enough for me.	
Now I can wear my Jawbone all day!	
I bought this as a replacement for my old battery and it will not hold a charge.	
Highly Recommend as seller!!	
Then it happened again, so we tried the same thigs again, and it worked again.	
Can leave plugged in overnight and it does NOT charge at all.	
I did some research and found that my software version was .342.	
Did not likee the phone but this ordre was one time and compleate.	
Product was as specified and delivered on time.	
THIS CAR KIT IS A MUST FOR ANYONE WHO USES THE CELL PHONE WHILE DRIVING.	
The battery life is short and takes forever to charge.	
It has effects and frames for the camera!	
Why was this so hard for them to comprehend.	
The battiers work well.	
Good for charging TREO and extra battery at the same time.	
The unit is light as a feather.	
EXELENTE CONECTOR.	
Plus, they dont slip in your hands because it is rubber and gives a good grip!	
Her phone would constantly dial me while bouncing around in her purse.	
My installation was inside the attic near a window where I was getting 3-full bars.	
HOT PINK MAGENTA PROGUARD COVER SNAP-ON CASE for MOTOROLA RAZR.	
Forget about it.	
Words cannot describe how happy I am with my purchase.	
So small, you might lose it!It took many tries to find to correct fit in my ear.	
I got mine at myrateplandotcom for $49.00 with a two year contract.	
I mean, do you REALLY want to have to pull out a stylus to fire off a quick e-mail while sitting at a red light?	
Overall, the layout of the phone is straight forward and easy to use.	
No one should profit out of selling this junk.	
And then because the switch wasn't working, when I closed the phone, the inside screen would stay on all the time and drain my battery.	
Would have given it a Zero.	
Haven't heard any one complaining about an echo, as some other users had mentioned in their reviews.	
In fact, it is very easy to press the buttons just trying to open the phone.7.	
Very satisfied-overall.	
Reception is great in Dallas and their plans are a lot better than Cingulars.	
And the compnay has not contacted me about returning it.	
I tried to buy a replacement, but Brookstone was no help.	
I recommended this seller and the product.	
Loads easily onto phone.	
The t-305 is a great product and a must have in places where holding a phone while driving is against the law.	
I received exactly what I ordered very quickly.	
The one gripe i had about the SK2 is that there is no included alarm other than whats on the calender feature.	
It's the best phone case I've had.	
I had registered the product (highly recommended on any product you buy) with Plantronics and called them about the problem.	
Needless to say the customer service rep was not happy he had to provide me with a brand new replacement phone.	
HE DOESN'T GET RECEPTION IN CHALFONT, PLYMOUTH MEETING, AND SOME AREA OF PHILADELPHIA.	
I uploaded one online (for 25 cents) to see how it looked full-size.	
I have heard of others having the same problem.2.	
Having never subjected it to any abuse, I'm way less than impressed.	
These ear gels saved my life!	
I have tried the Jawbone and Blue Ant bluetooth headsets that are supposed to be the best on the market.	
Monster is known for it's high performance cables and they really put that competency to use in this product.	
Unlike other phones this phone includes Speaker Phone, 4X Digital Camera, Bluetooth Technology, and MPEG4 Video Playback.	
Very useful, great quality.	
It didn't fit as snug as i had hoped and have had multiple times where the part that attached to the phone would come loose.	
Good, clear reception.	
Ordered 2 of them.	
This thing isn't about to replace your PDA, but it gets close.	
The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.	
It does what they say it does!	
For its attractive price, durability, and attention to detail, I doubt that one can find a more useful and handsome custom-fitted case.	
Excellent price for the charger.	
The Flexicase makes the buttons somewhat splashproof, making it possible to carry coffee and work your Treo in the same hand.	
It operates as a normal new battery would.	
Connects well with my Android cellphone.	
I have had several over the last few years.	
Great Value.	
I saw this phone and I instantly wanted to get it.	
Overall this headset is pretty good.	
In less than one year, three of the four phones needed repair, one of them twice.	
I never really was into bluetooth headsets until I found out I could use them for online gaming communication with my PS3.	
OK, if you can get it to recognize the word YES.	
I bought this product because it was so cheap, I thought it was a good deal.	
I am using one of the batteries now and it is definitely not new as I need to charge it every third or fourth day.	
*When scrolling through the phonebook, trying to find a name, you cannot search for the name.	
Worked for 2 months.	
The bluetooth seems to be stripped down to only work with headsets.Otherwise:Light-weightThinGood battery life too.	
No wonder armies shoot themselves in the foot.And no, despite the changeable earbuds, neither of us have been able to get a comfortable fit.	
It did however work as adavertised.	
Other than that it is great.	
We tested in a convertible and it was fine.	
might just be her phone or maybe it's too small and the mic is too far away from the mouth to adequately pick up/transmit a loud enough voice.	
I currently own and have owned the Samsung D807, and I sm happy to have reverted back to it.	
The voices are loud and clear and my voice also carries through very clear (according to the people that I have talked to using the headset).	
Sure, everybody likes Razrs because they are the most well-known and popular phone in the world, practically, but they are pieces of junk!	
Overall, it really protects the phone and looks really nice.	
I saved a pile of money plus Bargain Cell got the item here in a short time.	
great phone for the price.	
I am now on my 4th Motorola V300, and this is only because I spent $300's on it and T-Mobile will not substitute another phone for replacement.	
Minor gripe would be the ear piece tends to hurt after a while...but hey...you can always switch ears as the piece is reversible.	
So I downloaded my favorite songs on my Sansa view.	
Would not recommend this replacement battery.	
Definitivamente este es uno de los mejores covers que he encontrado para mi note.	
Other headsets I have tried don't stay on, flop around, or are just in general uncomfortable.	
And then once it is on, it can ring, but of course you can put it on silent.	
I think that the 320 & 330 were close to each other in all respects.	
The "speakerphone" feature is only useful because the standard volume turned up to max is barely hearable.3.	
The sound quality on the included ear buds isn't too bad for the price, but I don't like using buds and wanted to use my regular headset.	
and then the send key began to stick.	
Who keeps a sales slip for nine months?	
Poor reception.	
They did not even request the slight additional price difference.	
This will correct the problem, but the better way is to re-solder the wires on the printed circuit board in reverse locations.	
Go with the Blue Ant Z9 instead.	
It paired and worked okay if I was using it in my house.	
You can take very intriguing shots with this device, but these wonderful features aren't what makes this mobile phone unique.	
Simple as that.	
It was not worth my time and money anymore and I didn't like the design to begin with and decided to return the item.	
I did get an erroneous impression from the product details (Amazon or elsewhere) that a charging base was part of the package; not so.PRO	
well, I am sorry I purchased this phone.	
*While I'm not a big fan of camera phones (but still find them practical), I thought i'd mention this for those of you who are.	
A great buy!	
My favorite things about my samsung cell phone is the reception, its clear and it rarely drops calls on me.	
I have looked at all of the other pay as you go plans and there is a use it or lose it clause in all of their pay as you go plans.	
screen protectors.	
They enable my staff to move about the office when necessary and also alleviate neck discomfort for extended phone conversations.	
It was fine for the first three months, after that... massive drain.	
Better than expected!.	
Totally Awesome phone.	
It's a one size fits all that has a flexible arch that contours perfectly around any ear.	
Also, I am unable to save my address information to my computer; the syncing process always fails.	
It helps if you use the "squeegee" that is provided, but it also says to wait 24 hours.	
OEM from "Eforcity".	
There were no problems syncing with my phone.	
If you can't increase or boost a weak signal then this thing is a total piece of garbage!!	
IT LOOSES THE CONNECTION AFTER A FEW MINUTES OF NOT BEING USED.	
THANKS AMAZON!	
You would have to shut the phone off, or it would occasionally end if you pressed end enough times.	
7 hours talk and 14 days standby is a huge lie.	
I recommend this product and would choose it again if I had it to do all over.	
i have a krazr from verizon and all this thing did was make my signal drasticaly worse.	
The ear hook works better for me since an ear bud irritates the inside of my ear.	
Would recomend to all who are in need of this item.	
For my co-worker who used the device more than me, the ring of buttons around the centre button also fell off.	
BTW, the touchscreen and front face is left open, so this is the only part that you can still damage.	
It appears brand new but won't hold a charge over a 24 hrs.	
I love the fact that the screen cover lifts and yet helps to protect the screen from weird entries.	
Then it broke after a couple weeks.	
However, try a service other than T-Mobile.	
I replaced the HS850 with a Jabra and it's much better	
But it exceded my expectations overall.	
It and the items still slide around.	
Works well; good price.. Works very well, and the price was right.	
Awesome device.	
You can't even turn the phone off or on when it's locked up it's just frozen.	
If you're a former Blackberry user, like me, you'll likely hate this phone.	
its not "stereo" at all, its dual channel mono at best.	
Motorola charger.	
I was unsure how I wanted to protect and carry my new Palm Treo.	
The only draw back is that they come in singles; they should be sold in pack of about five.	
No more digging around!Yes, it is a bit bulky.	
I am really delighted.The main problem I had with the V300 was limited earpiece volume which made it hard to hear a call in a noisy enviroment.	
Nokia 3650.	
I wear it for ten hours a day, five days a week.	
The only phone I can honestly say is so compact that I don't even notice when it's in my pocket.	
Easy to install and operate.	
Stopped working within 4 months of purchase.	
It crackles and people complain with inability to hear me.	
But that may be just fine as the speaker quality is so poor you may not bother using it anyway.	
There is another model of AC adapter that allows you to charge the phone and plug in the headphones or other accessories.	
The N800 stand is essential for my day to day use of the N800, both for standing on surfaces and also for a better grip when I hold it in my hand.	
Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end.	
(i never read them anyways).This is a really awesome product and i would by another if i needed it.	
Great Product.	
I had this phone for almost 2 weeks (just before my 14 trial period is up)and I have had nothing but extra poor service.	
Yes, its prone to interference, but I've yet to see a unit that doesn't occasionally give you a bit of static (JX10 - I'm looking at you!).	
I tried returning it to the store which I bought it from the very next day and that was a whole other fiasco.	
Though this product is less expensive than most bluetooth headsets, it wasn'tworth the frustration for me.	
The music quality is great.	
It all depends, but overall I give this headset 5 stars cause it is stellar in sound quality and ease of use.	
I'm quite happy with this little number.	
The thing is not bad, but the battery run out very quickly and is very bulky also	
This happened with both batteries I ordered from CCM Accessories.It's past the return period, so unfortunately I am stuck with them and with my loss.	
Case for HTC X7501/ X7510.	
Charges my Motorola KRZR K1m as well as my Motorola Bluetooth (as an added bonus it even charges my MP3 player).	
Now we have to figure out what to do to get the phone fixed, as it's stopped working.	
I do not recommend this item.	
At the time, I didn't know whether the problem was my phone or the headset.It's the headset.	
Does not work for T-509.	
While the device does produce loud enough output, the output is full of static, jumbled and indaudible.	
I think these are counterfeit.	
Thankfully it was only $5+S/H, so I cant really complain.	
Overall, pretty decent product for the price...	
Yet Amazon refused.	
Best for Small Portable Audio Connections.	
With TracFone, you only pay for what you use.	
One suggestion is flipping the cassette part over if you can use it that way in your player.	
I recommend buying one; it's fun and worth it.	
I'm a doctor who spends a lot of time wearing scrubs in a hospital.	
Totally brand new battery and definitely worth the money.	
We were concerned about the size of the ear piece behind the ear, but it is a non issue.	
Unfortunately Ericsson forgot the fact that people who misled by reviews, may use this device as a phone as well.	
Its surprisingly small size really makes it easy to wear for long durations.	
I just paid $300 for this because my old phone was stolen and I wasn't eligible for the discount you normally get when you buy a new phone.	
The design is sleek enough to fit comfortably and securely with my iPod into the pocket of my workout shorts.	
Regards,Reinhold	
Very satisfied with my purchase!	
It will also do a "digit dial" function where you just say the # and it will dial for you.3.	
GOOD PRODUCT.	
Within one month, there were so many scratches on the cheap acrylic that i couldn't read my emails.	
We have been pleased with it's performance.	
It is an exact match of the original battery that came with my phone.	
I always thought that Plantronics was top of the line and the best headset to buy.	
Can you hear me now?.	
After 6 months my battery doesnt last longer than one day.	
They are making some of the best phones right now.	
Wrong plug.	
It will recognize the phone up to 30 ft away...I tried it!	
Looks great but I got a lemon!.	
I replaced it with a Jabra 250v and absolutely love it.	
Its nice to be able to turn the volume up even more if needed and not have to move to a "quite room".	
It was the best purchase I ever made.	
However, the carrier is key	
FYI it's really bright so if your not into bright then this one's not for you; but if you are like me then by all means get it.	
The phone would freeze when I was disconnecting from a call.	
Now I don't need the Ipod for short trips.	
I've been using these headphones for a few days now, and so far I have to say I'm very happy with my purchase.My original goal was simple	
There's no internet browsing or downloading (if you have Sprint).	
For $600, I expected much more than this.	
Simple headset.	
Haven't tried it with my cell phone yet.	
For those who are not sure, this is the screen protector made by Fellowes for the Sony T615C.	
if you have multiple rooms it is a waste of money.	
I think that after some trial and error I may figure out how to better pack my earphones, but all-in-all, I love this tiny case!	
Charge lasts a decent amount of time and the sound and voice dialing are great.	
I will see about the the warranty coverage.3) pressing power button may not turn on the phone.	
The second was the same.	
I am not happy and hope you guys will take care of this for the future.	
The problems I've experianced with this case are as follows:1.	
But the zipper broke the third time I tried to open it.	
Super Deal compaired to local phone store price.	
motorola blt-04 bluetooth headset carrying case.	
Not being able to initiate voice command via BT was a big negative for me so I upgraded (thru Handango for $40) to VC 1.6.	
Did not work for me in my location.. I live in a rural low lying area and have problems a lot of the time with cell service.	
Super fast processing and shipping.	
So pretty much it sits in my purse and looks pretty.	
I just realized that I have the S710 not the S710 VOX.	
I bought one for my sister and a friend.	
For it's description as a "USB charging device" it didn't fit a USB cable.	
I purchased the Verizon pc air card and used the card for 1 year.	
Great headset.	
Voice commad is awesome!	
For this reason, thephone can not be added to your Shopping Cart.I hope that this information is helpful.	
With a great deal of effort I finally got it into the case but after that it was virtually impossible to get it back out of the case.	
I am normally a big fan of Amazon.com, however in this instance I am not.	
My screen protectors are coming today, going to put those on, and prevent any new scratches..is all I can do now.	
I have the same phone for cingular, but it's a 6061 model, and that one it great!	
The replacement battery however had the same problem with the back cover falling off.	
So I'm super happy with it and glad I traded the other one in for this.	
I do not find it to be heavy.	
I bought this really cheap a year or so ago, and I guess I got what I paid for.	
Click 'OK'13.	
Who cares??	
My wife loves keeping her phone on silent with the headset, because this way the baby doesn't wake up whenever a phone call comes in.	
I went to [...] and found that happy customers refreshed their unit daily.	
The only solution from Verizon's support (who know very little about the phone, I might add) was to re-rip everything using WMP.	
Tiny (but thick) and packed with more features than an iPhone or Curve.	
I only wish the string was a bit longer so I could leave it plugged in to the headphone jack while I poke at the screen.	
Great case, bad clip.	
The Virgin Mobile Snapper:.	
Didn't work very well.	
They have to be recycled.	
Good product, good price.	
Incompatible with VX7000.	
I was worried that it has broken my phone connector but luckily the phone seems OK.	
This is my first smartphone so I don't have anything to compare it to.	
I've logged about 4 hours call time so far with no dropped calls.	
If it's not convenient for me all the time, I can't use it.Make this a little tougher and I'm in.	
I've returned it for warranty repair/replacement.	
You may not have to do this, but I did with my headset and have heard of others who have had to, to get it to fit securely so it doesn't fall off.	
)This little sucker is nearly as tough as a hockey puck, too.	
Phone drops calls often6.	
Every time I moved my neck, the earbuds would jam against the inside of my ear.	
But with Bitpim and some other software, you can make your own ringtones.	
That means the only thing you can copy to the phone is music, so no using it for portable storage.	
When I bought the phone I purchased a Motorola Bluetooth Headset of which did not work well.	
If you are a gadget freak and your girlfriend doesn't mind you wearing an imbeded headset - go for it.	
They don't fit small ears well and they're not comfortable with glasses.	
I am the target for this item.	
Frustrating.	
(h) Phonebook does not support multiple numbers per person.	
This is the last thing I want.	
The sound quality is variable - it ranges from decent when the speaker/mic is placed in the center console area to poor.	
I ordered it, paid for it, was told it was in stock, and waited for over a week for it to come in.	
let it cool and it's back to normal.	
Sound quality is excellent.	
Had no idea there is not a support number for Think Outside.	
I kept this earbud - It works well enough and is comfortable enough.	
Short battery life.	
This is the Zaurus stylus with the metal shaft like the one that comes with the SL-5500.	
Love Nseries.	
Many of my friends have left Nextel because of the poor product Motorola is putting out for them.	
All in all, great product for an even greater price.	
Good Quality & really helps carry my phone where the clip supplied is not up to the task.	
If you've ever seen a digital FM tuner, you can manipulate the easy-to-read station numbers using two large arrow buttons.	
All electronics need getting used to and this one is no different.	
All I needed to complete what I was looking for was a set of bluetoohe headphones.	
Greatly Disappointed.	
On my 3rd one!!!.	
I was told by the Sprint rep, they have had many power problems with this phone.	
Also, the information about the song, (such as title and genre) does not fully load.	
They are very fuzzy!	
Returned the first set because the connector came apart.	
BUT, the product description was misleading.	
Made my antique cell work go again.	
There is a problem when you have to do that.	
Don't bother.	
One was fine.	
It was not worth it to return it as the shipping would cost more than the item.	
Make sure you take a little off at a time to avoid a loose fit.	
I placed the case on my belt and within 10 minutes I noticed that the case wasn't there on my belt.	
First, most likely the software on the cd by the time you get it is almost outdated or incompatible with your phone/pc.	
Samsung a670 not that great.	
I'm going to write the seller tonight, see how they respond.	
Am I willing to try for three strikes?	
Received li-ion battery for Moto V325 cell in timely manner.	
When the headset runs down, you swap with the one in the streamer, which take about 2 minutes, and keep going.	
Scala 700 - very good.	
Not that great.	
F***kin pist.	
I was skeptical at first because it was a new vendor.	
These are great and when I run out, I will buy more.	
A good case.	
Cheap but good headset.	
the person stopped the 'extra' service, and later on, VIrgin started it up again, without notifying them.	
I like the fact you have two options phone plan or data plan.	
The Nokia charger was as good as new, coming with a little Velcro strap attached to the cord to bind it together.	
I don't want a mini qwerty keyboard where I have to decode which keys are the number keys.2.	
I will continue looking for a WORKING CHARGER.	
Every card you buy after that gives you double minutes.	
i had to adjust it constantly and even then, i felt that the headset would come off if i moved my head too quickly.2.	
T-Mobile Replaced it and I never had a problwem after.	
Anything to make life more difficult for the consumer.	
This product is really great for only 1 dollar.	
T-Mobile is cheaper, has better phones you can use the phone in Europe.	
THE ABSOLUTE WORSE NEXTEL PHONE.	
Started using it without a problem.	
Very annoying.	
Pretty Close To The Worst Phone I Have Ever Bought.	
The button response time is extremely SLOW!	
Solid Product.	
Two days later I received an email informing me that my account was activated and should be working properly.	
I bought this charger for my Samsung that I just bought from Cingular.The first time I used it in my office, it completely discharged my battery.	
Good luck if you decide to try it.	
It worked well and I liked it a lot despite annoying background clicking and short battery life.	
battery life is great (12 + hours with a 2 hour charge).	
I purchased this this item with the intent to have a quality holster, to clip onto my belt, for my Note 2.	
bad product.	
Do Not Buy on the base of review.	
I've used it once myself to test it out and the sound is crystal clear which is hard to find in some brands.	
Fits perfectly and does not compromise the use of the phone in any way, even the charger slit is a good size.	
Bad Design.... Summary	
After couple of days, when I tried to charge it again, it did not work.	
I bought two of these phones, both got less than a day and a half of stand-by battery life.	
Specifically, you CANNOT synchronize your outlook contacts with this phone using bluetooth or a data cable.	
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	
It doesn't randomly shut of like the Razr, which is always a plus.	
Horrible Product.	
I would like to see a headset start warning you at least a half hour before it's going to die.	
Now I'm on the search for another white Motorola Bluetooth h500	
Shipping was a little steep for such and inexpensive item.	
The customer service rep had me return the package and sent me a new pair.	
Seems the "noise reduction" feature also cuts back some of the outgoing voice volume.	
Both require patience and advance reading:= All the stories of this protector being difficult to apply are true.	
You will need to wear it on the same side of your body as your phone if you do not want to deal with unbearable voice distrotion and static.	
I echo the other 1 stars.	
It also has a red light on the charger that is glowing so I left the phone for a couple of hours to charge and went out.	
You cannot cannot change the Menu Options and you have to pay for everything directly through Verizon, it will not let you upload your own ringtones!	
I go to work and don't even talk on the phone, I get off and it's down to 1 bar.	
All gone again.	
Bad product.	
You can't beat it!	
Didn't work with my Samsung phone.	
Now the phone has completly stopped working.	
Eh.... It works fine, but sometimes it just stops linking my calls, and I have to re sync it with my phone.	
I can turn them off, but they seem to want to turn back on whenever I power the headset on or move it to a different device.	
Lenmar Battery for Toshiba PDA.	
Misleading, Poor customer Service, Junk!.	
Able to charge and plug earpiece in with phone in clip.	
Excellent value for the money.	
But this one works perfectly!	
With this headset, I hear no static, it answers the call instantly, and it has a range of 15 feet a without static.	
It has maintained the charge and seems to be as good as the last battery that lasted over 3 years.	
It also comes with a screen protector, which feels nicer on the stylus than the screen itself.	
The trick is to stop popping when the bag recommends, which is when there is only one pop every 2 or 3 seconds.	
Great product... has saved my palm numerous times from dramatic falls.	
I didn't know what to get my friend for her birthday.	
I was concerned that this battery would not be as good of a product as the one sold directly through Verizon, but it seems to be working well.	
Typical "one size fits all" design mentality.Great electronics, but I couldn't wear them for 5 minutes because they hurt my ears.	
Work great.	
Nice snug fit.	
I had the chance to tinker with it before buying it myself.	
I have nothing but problems topping-up my account.	
PC users can backup by hand using the Samsung software (not provided or linked by Cingular).	
I bought these used.	
The headset for this model is useless, if you have ears.	
this phone have all.. i bought this phone on 6/11/2004 and works perfect!	
So I did, Nokia gave me steps to reset it, still same error.	
Very poor quality.	
AND, it was on its battery power using bluetooth to my phone.	
My girlfriend gave this cell phone to me as a birthday present and I was thrilled about it.	
Good looking, but.... I must admit that this case, is by far the best looking case on the market.	
When the pink razrs came out, I knew I had to have one.	
I tried to use these on a flight and I could barely hear anything.	
Moto Bluetooth Headset Carry Case.	
dosen't match item.	
One for me, which I overpaid at Best Buy for $120 and one for my girlfriend which I paid just under $50 for on e bay.	
Mine on voice dialing recognized every word but the Yes command that actually would initiate the call.	
See also CON #7.2.	
The ringtones are nice and can be uniquely assigned to contacts in your phonebook.	
I could not use it in the car because the volume is so low.	
But I have a digital camera for those reasons.	
It has great sound, pairs easyly with my laptop and my mobile phone (AT&T; Tilt) and it is confortable too.I recommend it!	
I would recommend purchasing this type of hands free device, especially if you have teenagers just learning how to drive.	
They know we have year contract so they Use it.NO to T-MObile.Anil K Patel	
Then I never got it!	
Almost Perfect.	
Using the two built in LEDs to brighten the scene will usually cast a yellow tone to the picture.	
The charged is very good and the durability is almost by 4 days.	
We use them hooked into the vent.	
I definitely enjoy mine and hope that others find it as much a value as I have.	
It doesn't stretch much either.	
I was pleased with the company's service.	
Removing the battery and attempting to power it back on would put it back in that state.	
the buttons do not match up on it and it presses the camera button down constantly.	
The one device to bind them all--my Precious.... This is an incredible piece of machinery.	
It's a total disaster.	
Or the software crashes so that it continues to ring to matter what buttons you push.	
I have had this phone for 15 months now.	
That's the only reason it gets a 4.	
The screen is way to small to realistically view any webpages although it loaded pretty easily with the 3G network.	
Mediocre All Around.	
great bang for the buck.	
I wasn't too upset, because I got such a bargain.	
Followed their instructions to return it and now I can't get my money back or an earpiece that works.	
Most screen protectors are a big let down, but I was suprised at how well it's work.	
This phone is worth every penny!	
oh razr, how i loved you so.... ...i was starstruck by you as i continued my quest for a new phone.	
There is no audio adjustment (bass, treble, etc)and the unit borders on "bulky".	
I purchased 3 of these batteries and 2 of the 3 don't work.	
Speed dial on the today screen will accidentally dial your contacts....all the time!	
In this case, you may as well put the phone next to your face since you are no longer &quot;hands-free&quot;.	
Not all functions are available with all motorola phones.	
If not, then the Plantronics Voyager 510 will take you to another level in your games.	
couldn't transfer number.	
Has a two prong fuse in the back for easy replacing should it blow out2.	
It's not worth the $449 list price.	
Same styling as every other Samsung I have seen including the keypad (at the other end is Nokia who keep trying new styles).3.	
It works great indoors though.	
I think photos are somewhat but not significantly cleaner looking with the Samsung.	
There is a "flash"; really it is a light, but it works well.	
I bought this charger to replace both my original Nokia cellphone charger and another replacement charger from Monster Cable.	
This Release is a Lemon.	
So cheaply made.	
(both on the right or left side one on the ear and the other on my hip[belt])	
dispite what everyone else says i found that the mp3 player is on the phone and that you do NOT have to buy a $40.00 package.	
It's a great size and the rubber side grips are the best when in the car.	
Then my replacement kept doing it and I realized there's just some sort of general problem with this type of phone.	
Get something that will secure your phone better than this.	
Also, its sweat-resistance design is a plus.	
Nightmare experiance with AT&T.	
After a long search for a fine point stylus I chose this as the most viable product based on its description.	
Watch out or it's a disaster.	
Fast and easy.	
Secondly the "W" is stuck in the down position.	
Works fine for 20 feet with obstacles and 25 feet without obstacles.	
Good item!!!!!!!!!!!.	
I purchased this headset because my previous headset broke.	
My Bluetooth headset works fine.	
Battery life could have been a little better but it's not that bad considering it has a big, bring color display.	
Not happy though that the price has gone up $3 since February.	
overall this product is just lacking in functionality.	
Amazon is amazing because if you buy this phone you will get 150.00 back!!..	
this is a very good skin for your pearl especially considering how delicate the pearls are.	
I don't have any experience with phone data cables so I cannot figure this out.	
Cell Deal Good, Order Accessories Elsewhere.	
I may cover this with transparent packing tape.The stitching appears adequate and the leather, while thin and cheap looking, appears adequate.	
The color quality on the screen is awesome.	
When it happens, the screen goes blank and there is a 20-30 sec delay as it figures out where it is and gets a signal back.	
Sometimes the camera doesn't work.	
Light weight and simple to use.	
And it looks a lot better than most of the Nokia flip-phones I've seen.Now the bad stuff.	
Bluetooth still didn't work.	
Althought a bit hard to get off.	
Could do better.	
I liked this phone.	
I am just waiting for 1 year of contract to complete and i will break this phone with my own hand.	
Just as expected.	
Not that great.	
Apparently it wasn't.	
I repeated this by switching back and forth a few times.	
Igo went cheap on the design of this tip.	
Buy this and PDANet from June Fabrics to connect your laptop to your Treo if you have Sprint service.	
decent function, lousy construction.	
Possibly an LG.	
Better than the other cheap plasticy covers.	
BlueAnt Lite.	
They shipped quickly, keep me updated and the cables arrived well packaged.	
The phone that came with it while feature rich	
the cable usb i tried and did not work for my vx8100 verizoni tried couple time and cant pass info to my pc	
I only wear it in the car, but I would imagine it's a little difficult if you are trying to walk/run anywhere.	
it blocked the charging port so i cut out a small hole with a file so i could plug it in without removing the phone.	
The only knock I would give it is the lack of caller ID on incoming calls.	
The charger worked the first time I plugged it in, but no longer works at all, regardless of how much I play with the cord and socket.	
Looking to listen to your music with your own headphones get this now.	
)Back to this phone... very nice fit and feel, love the non skid surface it has, and also like that it has some weight to it.	
I had to keep pressing it to get it to turn on.My final remark is to stay away from this one if you have comparable Nokia phone.	
I didnt buy this product blindly off Amazon / Happy Cellular.	
Very stupid design.Jabra seems to have lost its way a bit - a headset I own is just going great - after a year!	
Bought this to charge up some small lanterns and it works as designed so far.	
Sound Quality is good and most people don't have a problem hearing me.	
Not for senior citizens.. I found the ear plugs fall out easy and were not comfortable.	
Sound quality is good for me, and I've never received a complaint from anyone I've talked to on it.	
I even have games on there that are like Playstation games (no, i'm not sh----- you).	
Well enough to justify 4 stars.The LG menu is fairly intuitive once you get used to it.	
I would try a different headset next time.	
I received the product but changed my mind and decided to return it.	
I got this charger for about $2 so I cant complain.	
Phone calls are barely loud enough if you strain yourself or find a sound-proof room to sit in.	
Plantronic model a winner!.	
Instead of going through sending it back, I'll buy a power supply.	
Does whats its supposed to.	
Defective part.	
Overall, a very nice case.	
Placing cards etc in the case is difficult at first but after some use it will give a little making it easier to access.	
I got echo in the receiver several times, low-low-low (very poor) reception even in generally good areas.	
BlueAnt X5.	
I am very happy with them.	
This is not the kind of tech support that a reliable company would give!	
DONT LET THE NICE LOOK DECEIVE YOU!!!.	
However, Motorola missed the boat here.	
I'm not sure if it's my phone or the headset but I have a S.E.	
The design of this screen protector has changed, it is NOT the same as what is pictured here.	
i'll have to figure it out somehow since....*There is no manual, all you get is a quick start guide.	
Camera is O.K.	
Works great to run my auto type cd player/amfm radio in my garage.	
I have been looking for a number features while looking for a cellphone.	
The software is easy to navigate and it has many features.CONS - Camera is almost not worth using.	
I paid $8.50 to get it here, now I have to pay it again to return it.	
In a quiet environment, it's passable.	
The cheapness was confirmed after about a month when the headphones stopped working and stopped taking a charge.	
Quality is good.	
I would not purchase again, nor recommend purchase.	
I regret getting this phone, and advise people who actually have to listen to phone calls, not play MP3s or text messages, to avoid it.	
very pleased.	
I only used I think one or two, but I know that I did see a small change between using this and not.	
Seeing as how I broke my last phone's contact pins, I'm not going to risk it with this cable.	
In my town, not a small town by any means, there are very few places that have any service.	
It was very difficult to hear any callers on this phone.	
with lower cost but restricted capabilities.	
@#$% waste.	
Be prepared to accidentally hit 4 instead of 1, etc., if you buy this.	
About six weeks later they sent me a replacement.	
All in all, I've been pretty impressed with the phone and quite surprised at the reactions I've been getting with it.	
I have been using Jabra BT500 for about 4 months now, mainly when I am driving on the freeway.	
It pairs quite nicely with my Motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.	
It does make the phone larger, but still fits comfortably in a pocket, minus the clip of course.	
But for the price, this case saved my phone from my drops and scratches.Thanks,Regards,Raghu	
The one button works well to turn ON, OFF & set the Heatset Volume.	
To get better range, when pairing it with your phone place the H700 atleast 15 feet away.	
I recieved one bar of sevice all over my house before I installed it.	
Works Perfectly!.	
Cute Phone, Horrible Reception.	
This product will NOT power your laptop.	
The best case!.	
It fits and all but it doesn't charge, I don't know why :( I guess I was just lucky enough to get a defective one :(	
talking on it sounds like you are far away my phone customers say.	
Don't advertise your product to be something that it isn't.	
After reading the reviews, I elected to purchase this product.	
This item was sold through Amazon from Bargain Cell.	
As reported by other people, this carrying case really looks nice, *but* you will lose your phone.	
Even when driving in the car...your friends will not know if you are on the "phone" or on your blue tooth.	
This item DID NOT FIT my HTC Cingular 3125 phone.	
Amazing deal.	
This is my first bluetooth, and from my uses so far I am very happy.	
nokia 3360 polar blue face plate.	
I have also experienced many of the problems described in the other customer reviews	
IF IN NOISY ENVIRONMENT, NOTHING WILLWORK WELL.3.HEARD OTHERS SPEAKING VERY WELL.	
Very happy with this product.	
No issues till now.	
though I tried, and even got my son to set it up, I can't keep it working.	
I use this to charge my cool *NEW* Kindle when I am away from power like on an airplane.	
cell phone battery.	
Found a support forum.	
it lasted only till i charged 2 times.	
The shipping cost was 10x the amount for the adaptors.	
Since I had already been unable to use my phone for 2 weeks at that point I bought a much more expensive charger at a discount store.	
On previous Samsung phones (ie.	
The phone is not bad except for the fact the price does not match the quality.	
When they have 0, 1 or 2 signal strength bars, I have 4 bars, full strength!!	
Worse decision I ever made buying this phone.	
The pen clip adapter is ok, but not the absolute best way to carry your 640 around.	
so you have to cut out holes in the case if you want to use the media player.	
I called Cingular and they said that nothing they can do unless I buy phones from them directly.	
The buttons being glued on is not cool.Other than that, it functioned fine.	
I'm pragmatic and do not use an expansion card but just what I need and 32 MBytes is enough.	
You can't clean em that way.Next up for a replacement was the plantronics 330.	
Great sound quality, 20 ft range which, for me is fine.	
No one had an indication on the other end that I'm using a speaker mic.I set this unit up the day I received it and put it in my vehicle.	
I looked for these all over town for my bluetooth headset.. Very happy to find them here and at such a great price!	
This is the second Jabra headset that I have purchased.	
Compared to the Jabra the sound quality going into as well as coming out of this earbud is a little less clear.	
a little awkward to hold to exactly position the tiny ear and speaker holes.	
I even wore them while mowing the front lawn and they didn't cut out until I went around the side of the house.	
It was a little bulkier than the Jabra, but the sound came in clear and it actually was more comfortable on my ear.	
The case fell apart, and I had to mash all the inner workings back in, and use duck tape to hold it together.	
It's not a Motorola charger.. This is a vehicle power charger FOR a Motorola V170, V171 phone, but it's not a Motorola product.	
Very low volume.	
all three items are good quality and work absolutely fine with my lg kc910 renoir... i couldnt be happier... :)	
Outside I could get 2-3 bars.	
I have had this model which was a hottie in Asia for 4 months now and the results have been fantabulous.	
It got to the point it was worthless and I uninstalled it for better software.	
The mini sd port is awesome.	
I purchased two of these thinking that even with the excessive shipping charge, it was still worth it.	
Camera phones are strictly for those "you-had-to-be-there!"	
It fit my phone, but within a few weeks, it was already cracked and the color was rubbing off.	
However, after I placed the order, the confirmation stated that the estimated shipping date is July 13.	
Having the boom flip be the on/off is also a nice feature.Unfortunately, the thing that really matters - sound - isn't there.	
I hope that you find this review helpful.	
It seems amazing that no one can produce a slim case with a simple belt clip.	
Once you get used to how to put it on quickly, you will be very impressed with it.	
IT RUNS FAR LONGER ON A CHARGE than any other phone I've had!	
Now I keep my old one charged as a backup- something I should have done from the start.	
I've called Virgin Mobile's customer service many times to discuss my refund.	
I would love to return it for an upgrade regardless of the cost because I have not been able to use it, nor has my daughter used hers.	
bad on all counts.	
I bought this headset as a replacement for the Jabra BT250V and I'm somewhat disappointed.	
Cracked External LCD screen.	
What impedes it is MS Pocket Windows, or however it's called	
The interfase software is not great.	
It lists all songs on the memory card then all MP3s on the phone itself.	
The ringtones you d/l are also crystal clear.	
Bought on 2/11/10.	
Sunforce 55520 AC/DC Power Converter.	
One good feature is that many control functions, such as skip next, previous, play and pause are built on the phone.	
Language and usability issues.	
Battery life claims are no where near true.	
This is unfortunate false advertising and I cannot recommend this product.	
I belive that it is because my phone is on a COM port that is higher than the software recognizes (it only has COM1-Com4).	
i put the cd in & it says it requires Flashplayer to use it.	
Cingular has crippled the output volume on the earpiece, many people find it far too quiet.	
Stylish and light weight great case.	
After about another week, I finally heard from them.	
A couple of more days went by and one morning they would not turn on (had plenty of charge).	
I use its alarm for my backup alarm clock.	
I am coming from a palmTreo 600 with AT&T; service (see my review of that product) to a palmTreo 650 with Cingular service.First, the phone.	
easy to connect to any other bluetooth item , i even use it on my playstation 3 .	
After pairing it with the PS3, I have not had to re-pair it.	
What a RIP-OFF.	
After you get it working, you pretty much have to follow things in order when using the software.	
This was truly a great deal and fits my phone perfect.	
It then works for a short time and then quits again.	
Bad Antenna, Bad Battery Can't Save a Great Phone.	
Dont know what more to say but I wont suggest it.	
I wouldn't want to put it in my bag or pocket and I don't wear it all the time.	
LG Battery.	
The color puts a bang into it!	
I thought maybe it was just the Bluetooth so I bought a cord headset well it does the same thing.	
Good headphone.	
T-Mobile stinks.	
Inconvenient.	
THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER OWNED.	
I was told the package was on a truck and apparently the truck never left I guess!	
I have had my Tracfone since 2000 and have had the best reception and for 7.99 per month the best bang for the buck.	
The charger works great with the MOTO RAZR V3m, it has the cool blue light unlike the non-oem chargers.	
However, there seems to be a software bug in it, as it kept hanging once in a while.	
Good resource.	
The sprint customer service is clueless.	
A lot lighter than the earlier generation of moto headsets.	
I know it's difficult to universally fit a plastic hoop around everyone's ear, but this particular headset didn't seem to work well with my ear.	
Found another one and the PANTECH worked great in it but lost the case one day and had to order a new one.	
The phone is easy to use and program...the scheduling feature is a nice touch.	
Phone book is also a plus, speaker phone also great feature if dont want to listen directly into from the phone.	
MobileESPN is now getting out of the phone business and I find myself having to get a new phone again, but I digress.	
I couldn't find and e-mail to write to let the company know.	
A great feature for lot's of numbers.	
This items is only a way to take peoples money.	
This phone has it all!	
iGo Stowaway Keyboard.	
This unit was sold as "new" but when it arrived the box looked like it had been opened and taped shut.	
I loved this screen protector!	
As stated elsewhere, if the phone is in your right pants pocket, use the headset on your right ear.	
Wrong Item for my phone.	
I really like the fact that it is much lighter than the previous ones, and it has a light that indicates it is in use.	
I attached the e-mail and asked them to please read it.	
, i would rather advice not to take risk and pains to return the product.	
Don't buy this phone unless you have a warranty!.	
Printed out the return slips.	
The fact that it has i tunes on it is pretty cool.	
I loved this phone when I got it.	
I used to be a huge CDMA fan and leieve that the IS2000 connection was fast.	
I called T-mobile to get it replaced and they told me it was out of waranty.	
The performance of this headset is disappointing.	
USB Data Cable It does not connect the equipment Nokia 6225.	
This headset comes highly recommended.	
The service is amazing clear and perfect.	
Bought this to use with a VX8300 and it doesn't fit that phone!	
These have good volume, great sound and VERY comfortable.	
Doesn't fit my KRZR.	
This headset is A total piece of garbage nothing but static and sound quality is like being in A tunnel ,Buy plantronics much better quality	
i want my next fone to be an LG cuz i just want to see wat else is out there besides Samsung----hope this helped PEEEAACCEEE	
Extremely disappointed.	
so I advise you not buy this items even it is very cheaper.	
poor charging disign.	
Not only did it not charge, but it drained the player to the point where it won't even turn on.	
Depends on the purpose of the case.	
This has the BT 2.0 standard.	
Secondly, the sound quality is superb.	
I lost my old one that came with my halo 3 edition 360.	
I previously wrote a review for the Firefly.	
And the price is allot better than the name brand one.	
Especially when priced comparibly to a single ear device I can not imagine going back.	
scuba case.	
The picture of this case makes it look better than it is.	
One of the best overall headsets that I have used.	
Im getting about 40 minutes talk time.	
The backlight to my key pad kept going on and off and the text messaging began to slow down the more I used it.	
I assume it's just as bad.	
It is like the iskin for the ipod.	
Suffice to say if you have ANY problems with your order or service - count on it being YOUR problem and NOT Amazon's.	
cell phone antenna stickers DO NOT work!.	
Save your money.	
I have been using this phone for four months.	
Not a good product.	
That didn't fix the problem.	
The Windows Music player is a nice feature, altho I could do without the instant messaging (it's a phone, if I want to reach someone, I'll call).	
You can't go wrong for the money.	
Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls, calls would go straight to my voice mail.	
Realized I was also having problems with my charger.	
The camera cannot be used without incurring data charges since there is no way to get the pictures off the phone.	
This is false advertisment.	
This product didn't fit the Razor Phone that I purchased it for.	
Other than that, i have great service everywhere else.	
But if you want your phone to look pretty, this is probably the case for you.	
Way under my expectation.	
I bought the Nokia Desktop Charging Stand -- in spite of a negative review!	
Never think of buying this phone.	
The number keys are small and have a tendency to stick.	
The Motorola H700 is a totally useless and disappointing headset.	
Do NOT do business with Bargaincell!.	
When traveling in the car, be prepared with a Palm Car Charger to recharge your Palm for access to your Address Book and to play fun games.	
If you have a palmTreo 600 do NOT feel obligated to upgrade to a 650.	
So I'm using it again.	
I've been looking locally for a replacement with no luck.	
Keep shopping.	
So trying to get them to stay in your ear is difficult.	
Good sound.	
I have a pair of Shure E5C earphones I now use for my iPod.	
To adjust volume UP you have to use short taps, dont hold down as this will set mute on.	
The earpiece is a major selling point with me and I am hoping that with a new software update, it will get louder.	
Not a "Happy Camper" with this product.	
In short, yes..the cable does not work.	
Bendable earphones, 4.	
In addition to getting dropped, when I could connect it was slower than promised.	
signal not strong enough?.	
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this bluetooth.	
What they do, they do very well.	
Works on a Mac, just not very well.. Product arrived without retail packaging, carrying case, 3.5mm jack adapter, manual, warranty info or UPC code.	
The 4920 display cannot be viewed in sunlight (you cannot even tell the phone is active).	
The price is okay but right now i just send in rebate for $50 back from Sam Goodie.	
I've had this product for a couple of months now and it works unbelievably well for the price.At first I didn't like the way it fit inside your ear.	
But you wont find a better choice at this time.	
Plantronics 510.	
Sure beats the Motorola leather case which ripped a seam on me in first month.	
Gmail is a Java site, but I just have the mail forwarded to my Pop3 account so it is automatically pushed to the device.	
Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing.	
better get a smart phone.	
Works well.	
I bought this cable so I can transfer my pictures and my videos from my phone to my laptop.. When I got it, it did not come with any software.	
Software - Very slow to respond to button sometime.4.	
The front of the phone seems to appear too plastic.	
I constantly drop calls and sometimes I don't receive my calls.	
The phone is great for calls and the speakerphone works great.	
When I did have this headset, the sound quality on my end was good, battery life was excellent, as was the range.	
All I found were frustrated people that had little to no luck in getting it to work.	
Brand New Palm Treo 650, 700w, 700p, 700wx Ultra Extended Lithium-Ion Battery (1800mAh).	
What a terrible service!!!.	
It fits in any pocket, and protects the mic, but does not cover the earbud side of the headset.	
Other than that, I have no complaints.	
The USB ports work great and the duel 12 volt sockets are great.	
This means whoever you are talking to will mostly hear car noise rather than whatever you are trying to say.	
I had to return it twice... both times the 'problem' was covered.	
purchased charger and it charged for about 20 minutes and has been blinking every since.	
They never had the courtesy to respond.	
I threw them away.	
I have had this p hone for 9 months, and know someone else who had it for 9 months with this same problem.	
Just as a phone, the KRZR K1 works great.	
But then there's no comparison between the 2.The softwares running the phone are very stable.I am one happy customer.	
Heck, even for $5, this headset would be a ripoff.	
I guess I'm stuck with it.. so I'll just try to deal with all the problems.	
The design is not so good.	
I was impressed that they would responsed so quickly and made sure I got a battery that would take a charge.	
But once it is installed, it was smooth sailing.	
LG shine cellphone.	
The battery seems a little weak.	
They were not especially light weight, but fit fine on my head and were not all that heavy (8 oz).	
Why can't you make a phone that doesn't drop calls, or has a longer battery life?	
Comes with Word, Excel, and PPT Viewer etc.	
Works great for me.. These seem to be working great, been using it for several weeks now and haven't had any problem.	
Decent headset.	
So far, there have been two totally annoying things.	
Motorola Cable.	
But for some reason, some of the pictures you take cannot be centered.	
It works great.	
Can't play mp3 or wavringtones out of the box.	
There are two drawbacks - 1) there is always a delay to answering the phone with the headset.	
I use it on Windows Vista and Windows 7.	
The external LCD screen on the phone cracked mysteriously.	
I guess you get what you pay for.	
charge yes/ sync no.	
if you have a thicker belt, you have to unsnap the snaps (top of image).	
The car charger still works....for now.	
I wish I could send this back but I waited to long to use it.	
I can confirm what has already been said by numerous other people who used Jawbone - good looks, bad ergonomics.	
I have had this phone for about a year (from Verizon) and it has constantly has had problems.	
The greatest feature of the Plantronics 640 is that it fits in your ear, and is therefore probably twice as loud as any other headset I've tried.	
nope.Well anyway this phone is great for a certain amount of time, it gets very boring after awhile though.	
I purchased this for my car with the idea that a retractable cable would keep my car clean.	
I googled it and found that others had similar problems.	
During installation, the software went through three update cycles to get to the latest version of the software (5.x).	
It will not work.	
I could never wear an earguard with my sunglasses comfortably, but for some reason this ear guard does not get in the way.	
I can hear just fine, but the people I call can only hear a broken robot.	
I have no bad comments for this phone.	
The external display is always on so I don't have to flip the phone open just to see what time it is.	
I read a lot of reviews and found as much information as I could about this before even ordering it.	
I wouldn't recommend it at all.	
My office has numerous i530 phones that came with our contract.	
I tried to load my backup via my computer, this time it over-wrote everything on my computer and my contacts and calander were GONE!	
Some people complain about the blue flashing light, but it hangs high enough on my visor that I don't even notice the blinking.	
THE SIZE AND WIEGHT ARE OK.	
Now, I got no phone but Cingular Bill is sticking from October 25th and Amazon is replacing with the new phone.	
1) that it synchs with MS Outlook, and 2) that it was a stero MP3 player.	
The phone also supports micro sd cards so you can have a 2gb MP3 player everywhere you go!	
The lanyard(?	
Got the steady green light indicating good charge.	
awesome phone with no complaints.	
They repaired it for free because it was under the manufacturer's warranty.	
Got what I ordered, it looks good, easy to install, works fine.	
This was my first phone through T-mobile 4 years ago.	
It hurts the bone behind each ear, right in the middle.	
I wanted to just go for "the best".	
refub - that's news to me.	
I got it for some of my friends who complained about theirs.	
ca42 cable for a Nokia cell phone didn't work, tryied another ca42 cable that I borrwed from my son-in-law and it worked.	
I still like the concept, but the device itself doesn't work well enough to satisfy me or my friends.	
But I feel that I've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from Motorola.	
What a waste.	
Highly recommended!	
rapid charger.	
It feels durable and feels good.	
This phone pouch is very well constructed and should last for many years.	
I felt that it had the 650 and the Palm OS out-matched in every category.	
Blue Tooth.	
considering the quality of the headset, I didn't even try the car charger in the fear that it wouldn't follow the necessary battery charge cycle.	
But, the picture quality is very good compared to some of my friend's phones.	
The quality of manufacture is generally excellent.	
The only thing that is good about this phone is it is pretty!!!	
Only real problem is fit.	
IPHONE COVER.	
Software crashed in 3 monthsVZ changed the phone but kept the battery.Battery needs to be charged twice(!)	
while putting them on i scratched the surface every time with the pad of my finger (not my nail) just trying to push the bubbles out.	
Allows you to listen to music from your ipod and take a call when it comes in.	
If you have one bar outside, then you get one bar inside.	
The silicone case was an extremely inexpensive solution to both concerns.	
I will be reporting this to my local authorities and also to Motorola.	
Very pleased with this headset.	
I like the light on the tip that connects to the controller.	
this product does not stay on the ear very well however it is easy to set up if you are low tech	
The reception quality is also nothing near what my previous Motorola flip had!	
An irritating thing is that the device does not work on mains power unless the batteries can be charged inside.	
That said, Jawbone is an awesome product.	
Google Maps works, besides GMail and other applications mentioned by other reviewers.	
Also, the controls were badly placed and I kept hitting the controls when I put them on.	
these damn things stop working at exactly the one year mark.	
It would only dial by name.	
Doesn't live up to the hype.	
I must say that this headset is comfortable.	
That was the perfect decision.	
I purchased this phone to upgrade from my Kyocera K9.	
At home, I leave my phone where it gets a strong signal.. and I can talk with perfect clarity.	
It's very frustrating to both parties.It constantly freezes and/or fails to place the call that you just dialed.	
I use the Outlook client and it works ok.3) Freezing.	
Third best phone regardless of price.	
Did not enhance signal.	
If you're looking for a phone just to talk on, this one will work fine.	
I bought this and returned it.	
Excellent cell phone case, clip is a little hard to use but works.	
I tried to syns with my Ipad bluetooth even with vendor support to no avail.	
I have never seen this phone go below 2 bars, and I live in a rural area.	
I have had other phones, and they came with a cable for making transfers to my PC.	
I bought this for my fiance for Christmas in 2006 and he's still using it up until now.	
Handspring Treo 300.	
No interface for ringtones or wallpaper.	
Go to Address Book.4.	
Worked great.	
Love new batteries old batteries would not last a day without being charged.	
Piece of junk.	
I also liked identifying images for individual callers but that's pretty standard on phones now anyway.	
I replaced an older Samsung A670 with this phone several months ago and am overall very pleased with it.	
Thanks to this seller, I was able to order and receive some key components.	
Excellent sound, terrible ergonomics, far too delicate.	
It is clear and works well.	
If you want to trust amazon's online availablility then i say try for the black.	
This is a great phone.	
These are great, especially for the price.	
People can clearly hear me and I can clearly hear them.2.	
I have 5 or 6 friends who made the same mistake.	
Great Phone Cover.	
However T-Mobile still has lots of them to try and replace your broken ones with.	
Considering it can be purchased for under 10 bucks, it is well worth it.	
I usually have my phone set to less than half the max volume.	
"Update, September 2008	
Had to toss it.	
The design needs to be changed to make the clip attachment to the holster sturder.	
good replacement.	
I'm really glad I bought it.	
The only problem I had was that there were certain areas in Chicago that when I passed through would drop calls.	
And you can't beat the price.	
I own this phone and love it.. I have had this phone since August and I love it.	
Item arrived damaged - clearly a refurbish.	
Higly recommend this model and the seller was great to work with, fast shipment.	
Don't go buy it!.	
Absolutely the worst headset I have every used.	
I would not buy this product or reccomend it.	
Fidelity is spectacular (MP3s recorded at 320K - anyone who listens to 128K doesn't care about sound quality).	
You get what you pay for!	
No data transfer.	
I really WISH this was a five-star product.... But wishing isn't going to make it happen.	
but the phone itself had pretty cool features to it like i like how you could take pictures from the outside.	
After waiting for months, it finally came out late fall.	
Do not get this if your email account is MSN or hotmail.	
i never even had to read the instructions.	
Phone has PDA functions which fits me.	
Just put like 8 hours of music on the phone and it did not even dent the memory!	
Once the device was charged all I had to do was turn on the bluetooth on my Razr and it found the T305, done.I love the voice recognition also.	
Static is constant from any high pitched sound.	
It is no fun trying to retrieve the components in an automobile or anywhere else.Avoid this badly engineered product.	
No big deal, replace the unit for $6 in shipping and a two week wait.	
The new foam cushion feels great on the ear.	
If you patient then this phone is for you.	
People still tell me that my PM8200 looks brand new, so looks like this battery was all I needed.	
This is the cheapest adapter I could find.	
The mobile battery charger is sometimes quite useful.	
Hope that helped.	
Still sitting on my desk in the original package.	
Jawbone Blue-tooth Head set.	
I love my Jawbone and I will recommend it to others!	
I ordered this case before I even had the iPhone, and I've been very pleased with it.	
Speaking of Call clarity, this isn't Sprint PCS (which I had before), but I'm certain that it's better than At&t and Cingular.	
I found from trial-and-error that the on-off button worked about 1/3 of the time.	
The removal caused no damage to the case, and it looks great as ever.	
and very lightweight.I am a large guy with a big ole head and the headset fits me just fine after changing the rubber earpiece to the Large size.	
Samsung WEP200.	
I used it for a very short period, and had my phone turned off the next day because I ran up a bill of $80.00.	
Great product and i would highly recommend.	
This is a great bluetooth speakerphone.	
First it use a non usb charger and its too big and bulk this needs to put in the trashed and buried on another planet.	
Good but not perfect.	
Great purchase.	
I might point out that I had to return 2 units due to failed batteries.	
Recommend this seller, easy transaction A + + + + +	
Sound quality is not an issue, however, if you can't wear the device.Obviously, I was very disappointed.	
This happened with 2 ipods, 1 iphone and 2 different cars, so I do feel this problem to be in the cable.	
Uncluttered Design and Button layout.Cons :1.	
This phone bittered my experience with both.	
I like the service.	
My mini lives on!.	
The company who sold 'Plantronics MX150 Flexible Boom Headset with 2.5 mm Plug' owes me one.	
But the battery was not the 1000mAh Li-Ion, it is a 1100mAh.	
mp3 arm brace.	
Looks so nice.	
This is a big deal because charging in the car is impractical.	
Yeah, this was the phone for me, and if you want a really expensive and really crappy phone, then it's for you, too!	
However, the sound quality is terrible.	
I found it to be the most high quality (but expensive) wireless headset for VOIP uses.	
This is the second of this same item I received.	
I'll also send you the simple instructions to follow.	
Fab.... I LOVE THIS PHONE,,,,LOOKED AT RAZR TO CHEAP FEELIN GOT THS ONE LOVE IT	
I would not rate it 5 stars if this cost more than $25.	
I really feel as though I got a refurbished H700!	
Impressive.	
It doesn't have a touch screen; but between it's jog wheel, back-button and navigation pad - there won't be a long learning curve.	
The Stench reached Europe.	
But I bought this whole thing so that I could charge my phone in the car in case of an emergency!	
I NEVER experienced this with my last phone!!	
Fits a little loose, phone kept cutting off.	
(The Nokia fails miserably; the tines dug into my ear at the top and bottom, and it was impossible to correct it.)2.	
Of course, when you don't have service, you don't get the internet access either.	
I haven't tried it next to a vacuum cleaner or anything, but I don't I'd be on the phone in that situation anyway.	
It stated it was delivered on Sept 17.	
Very difficult to take off!!.	
I like the spot to attach a lanyard, as well as the grips on the sides to help hold this massive phone.	
With this alteration, the ear bud stays in, making the head set work pretty well.The headset that I received was not the headset pictured.	
Seller has an item that is similiar to Kangaroo.	
So I call blackberry and they inform me that this device is not supported by verizon!	
This product did not work in my car.	
Advertisements do not specify any certian types, just Motorola phones.	
Otherwise great buy.	
The sound is clear and crisp and the display is excellent.	
Forcing us to hangup and call again.	
Not worth the time or money.	
Had a H500, it was ok but low max volume.	
It sucks how is that.	
Good fit but.... It fits the U.S.	
Nothing particulary spectacular, but good for the money.	
I hope it's better.	
Nice device.	
To users who are used to using Microsoft products this may seem normal but to others it is very annoying.2.	
I was very satisfied with the speed and the product itself, will do business again	
And all for a very affordable price.	
Also, it's the only one that I've used that I can hear clearly and loudly.	
Don't know why I didn't try here sooner.	
[...] it was here in an expedient fashion are bonuses.	
Only Amazon has a deal like this!	
Good thing it was FREE	
DROP CALLS A LOT2.	
Great Bargain/Quality.	
There's probably something better out there.	
I own a Treo 700w and a 700p.	
Thanks to Seller at Amazon I was able to find this particular battery without running around town calling and looking for it.	
Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it.	
Great case.	
Can't beat the price.	
One of the worst phones ever.	
Every month for 7 years my bill has beenthe same, within a few pennies.	
Enough said?	
The idea looked good, but the product is poorly made.	
Excellent Product.	
I have an iPhone now but this product cannot be recommended.	
This was my first Bluetooth office headset at work and I love it.	
I bought 2 of then for xmas presents and now I have to return them.	
I ended up having to by the extended battery which makes an already larger-than-most phone quite stout.Sound quality and call quality has been great.	
Driver supplied was outdated for XP.	
I have a fairly new (AT&T;) Motorola V3r, and the software works fine.	
Defective Product.	
First, you can carry your 640 in your shirt pocket if you wish (and look extremely nerdy I might add).	
Worth the money.	
A month later the speaker went out.	
Provides quick/easy access to the phone when mounted on a belt.	
This does not properly fit a V3c RAZR.	
So there's that.	
Back in the box and being returned.	
It took four calls to get the problem clear to them.	
Like a glove.. Fits the note like a second skin and is aesthetically pleasing to the eyes.I am very happy to corroborate the other fantastic reviews.	
About 3 times a week I reach for my phone to see that I've taken anywhere between 1-5 photos of the inside of my pocket.	
Love that it has the loop at the top cos it means I can hang it round my neck on my medical dog tag chain I wear and it is always on me!	
I haven't bothered with the mp3 player because I have an ipod.The few good things	
I also have an issue with the phone's camera lens rubbing against the top of the holster every time I open the phone.	
Don't waste your money or your time.	
The cost wasn't too high, so it was worth the chance, but it didn't work out.	
terrible quality.	
Worked for 32 days.. I purchased this headset from a local retail store.	
I read that some people had some problems with connectivity, but it works perfectly with my phone (Sony Ericsson K800i).	
I also put a pair on my son's iPod, as he kept losing those little black covers, and they fit fine.	
The safety in using in car is first rate since no fiddling is neccessary.	
even if the model numbers match, the plug may not fit properly.	
Very impressed with this transaction.	
When i first bought into bluetooth fone technology i was sold but beware there are drawbacks!	
Eventually it blew a fuse and I replaced it withScosche Dual USB Car Chargerwhich is far superior in every way.	
It supress all bass :(	
Because installation isn't easy this was a pain to return as well, but I did end up shipping it back to amazon.	
Good thing T-Mobie gives you 14 days to return the service.	
This item arrived within the time frame specified and was everything I expected.	
My head set ALWAYS feels like it is going to fall out.	
Cash in your daughter's college fund and buy one today!	
So I can't return it.	
Nothing chintzy or cheap - it feels solid.	
They were only $88 at Amazon (I love Amazon!	
So many cases are too large.	
I like it very much but yesterday, June 20, it suddenly displayed the message Insert SIM"" when I was trying to make a call."	
I have not been disappointed.	
You get what you pay for.. It seems to create an echo when using with my Samsung phone.	
Poor sound quality.	
I use it on all my long drives.The only minimal annoyance I have with it is that the volume control is also the "voice-call" button.	
poor mic volume.	
Thick is great for durability but makes it impossible to use with case and have no bubbles.	
Not good for the Palm TX.	
It is small and doesn't interfere with my earrings.Super buy!	
Instead I got no service and a $175 cancellation fee.	
Great phone, horrible customer service.	
Only one said they didn't.	
The first one I bought, the cord came out of the socket and snapped the wires.	
i've worn them at work a few times for much of the time i am there.	
I used to have GSM w/ AT&T and they SUCKED!	
This case is good for one thing and that is breaking.	
Now pre-paid phones will roam to other networks for the same .10/min.	
Sound quality, in terms of the speaker, was good, but the microphone picks up a lot of background noise.	
The earpiece problems already noted are true.	
Plantronic products are of excellent quality.Thank you.	
I had tried two others	
Obviously this is not a replacement for a better, higher MP, digital camera.The MP3 player is very good, though simplistic.	
i'd wait until the technonogy is better, sound quality is a real bummer.	
Clear as a bell --even while driving a convertable!.	
I do not necessarily think it is not a good product, it is simply not what I needed.	
Besides the bad sound, it adds a hum to the voice.The menu system is extensive and therefore ridiculous to use.	
I just don't think its a 5.	
Maybe I'm rough on them?	
I have no problem with the default setting for picture brightness and there's no need to adjust it before each photo.	
I have a nokia surge and film that is made for it cost so much that I had to look elsewhere.	
Only two devices???.	
I have one-year contract with T-Mobile and I have to live with this scarp phone or buy a new phone.	
Its been replaced once, and the batteries have been replaced as well.	
Go to Best Buy or Gas Station Market, like Mobile Gas....OH!	
The end that goes to the phone didn't fit my phone.	
Gets a bit uncomfortable after a few hours, but that's expected.	
The complete unit is built solid.	
I think this is the cheapest place you can get it.My original review was written when i had a different nano that i purchased this for.	
There is no where else to buy batteries as they are special made for the X5 only - simply not available!	
But thats only certain areas, so, all in all, the phone is great!	
If I see gopher damage diminish, maybe I will come back and add a star...	
I love this phone.	
OK Tool, but BREAKS DOWN ALOT.	
I'll have to look for a different one now.	
In addition, the plastic covering that protects the charging leads tends to fall of my unit when I place it in my pocket.	
Absolutely will not charge at all.	
The sound is great.	
The black and white small diagram that comes with this kit is no good.Now don't get me wrong, the battery is good.	
I couldn't believe how much I saved buying this battery for my phone online.	
Now I have protection.LOL	
The only down fall is the cord is a little short but works great if you have the Screen with the USB	
They kept my order on hold without notifying me for a month, even after so many followups !	
Won't fit K1m and port is on the wrong side.	
solid keyboard.	
Adobe Flash, podcasting, pdf, msword files, wifi, videocalling.	
not worth buying.	
Save your couple of bucks and opt for something more protective and less vulnerable to stains.	
I recently bought the V60c and it comes with this holster.	
Then the phone will spazz out and I will have to wait 5 minutes for the phone to act normal again.The battery is terrible.	
I would recommend locating a copy of Mobile Phone Tools for use with the RAZR, as this program allows you to sync your address book and calender.	
I called tech support, they recommended downloading a new version of VZacess, long story short the same thing occurred with the new version.	
I only charged it because I thought I really should.Excellent Product!	
I want to have a certain amount of confidence in the reliability of the services offered by my phone.4.	
If you are looking to attach something that is 2' away then this product is for you.	
Why all the bad reviews?.	
Also, the case does not provide any protection on the front part (the upper wing when unfolded) at all.	
Not the case here.	
I got a replacement headphone and it also developed a crack in less than a week even when I tried to be careful when handling it.	
Tough Little Phone.	
the only good thing I can say about this item was the color.	
This phone has far inferior service to all other major manufacturers (LG, Nokia, Samsung) with the same service (same sim card).	
It was in new unopened package and works perfectly	
The volume doesn't go up very high so if you have any hearing problems this phone is not for you.	
Perfect for the price.	
Taking care of the little things like this just makes life easier.	
The big blue lights on the sides really want to flash.	
In both cases, I can hear the other party at a decent volume.	
Static Transmitter.	
I've tried it a few times with a few other samsung downloads too and nothing works.	
Overall very pleased.	
This product was a poor one.	
This phone has nice bells and whistles, but they don't mean much if the phone is so damn unreliable.	
I got this battery with a Nokia phone.	
Now parents, PLEASE, save your preteens and teens some angst- buy them a normal cell phone!	
It has adjustable volume controls for speaking and listening.	
And the slight bulge with the required case cover is not so obtrusive, unless you are a sleek slim appearance nutcase.	
The sound would continually cut out, and a conversation was possible.	
An exact copy of the extra cap battery I bought with my timeport two years ago.	
That's right, if you don't use up the $10 (which actually isn't hard at the high rate t-mobile is charging), after two weeks it's useless.	
good product.	
Would buy again.	
I suppose it's Amazons fault for pairing it the the Skyfi2 cradle.	
Phone and Carrier are terrible.	
It was a great little unit, and I was excited to get the 700.	
If you purchase this cover for the LG Chocolate, you'll likely be disappointed.	
Very fast shipping.	
Aside from that, exactly as described, completely meeting my expectations.	
The 510 has enough volume that I usually set it at about 60% and the sound quality is excelent.	
I DID not get what I ordered.	
Let's face it, easy to use and lots of toys isn't always a bad thing.Any way, let's get to the phone.	
I returned this headset even before I got to use it!	
I love the way it resembles my Razr phone.	
not that happy with this item.	
(Over buying a car charger for each) Why you wouldn't buy this product is beyond me.	
Dead in 24 hours.	
it looks cool and it's nice but you have to be an elephant for it to look right on your ear.	
Product was easy to install.	
Another pleasant surprise that I did not expect was the length of time between charges.	
This is a great basic cell phone.	
I have used it with my Gen 2 Nano and it worked great.	
So I got the product at a good price.	
I purchased this headset from Amazon for about $80 and have had it for over a month.	
The lcd display is cute, but not very useful.	
The second reported problem is with very limited range.	
Great equipment.	
The earpiece on the headset I received was not the same as in the picture.	
My phone was inferior to the E815 in these very core important issues.	
Not recommended	
I will never purchase a motorola product again with out doing this type of research.	
You can add up to 3 pop 3 accounts.	
Trying to get something cheap...I guess thats what it gets me...something cheap.	
I thought my Motorola bluetooth headset could be improved upon so I bought this in the hopes that the noise canceling qualities would be better.	
The 975 didn't have the same volume level as the others, and yes I might want more volume than most anyway.	
Do yourself a favor and get this - you wont be disappointed!!!!	
I had this phone since three years ago, the reason i got it cause is free.	
The earhook on the Samsung WEP200 is made of cheap plastic.	
Fits the Palm Centro well - highly recommended.	
The earmuffs fit comfortably and seal over the headset with just the boom protruding.	
I find it difficult to believe some of these reviewers are getting the range they claim.	
I sent the first one back to motorola and they sent another and it is just as bad.	
I am a huge fan of leopard or anything animal print, so this is definately a good buy.	
I actually prefer the bottom end Motorola blue-tooth device that came in the package deal with my phone.	
Both of mine are good, and they definitely beat paying full price for a retail replacement.	
And the sound?	
To sum it up I called my 86 year old mother who can't hear well from the car in the pouring rain and she says "I hear you great".	
The price was low and delivery quick.	
Very Good Phone, A few Drawbacks.	
these things will work to protect the screen but will fill up with scratches very very fast which is probably why they give you five sheets.	
So this phone is up there with the other big players.	
So, be sure to call "customer service hell" and make sure that they credit your account for the days that the phone was in delivery.	
I recently purchased my first touchscreen tablet, the Kindle Fire HD and love it.	
I tried bluetooth headsets with my laptop for my VOIP phone and nothing worked.	
Wonderful.	
Excellent...Excellent phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	
This earpiece was the WORST EVER!First the ear loop is very stiff trying to open.	
After reading all reviews from this site and many other sites.	
It fits comfortably under my bike helmet.	
So with the trusty help of Google, I was able to find the actual customer service number and reported my problem.	
We expect the same from whatever would carry our cellphone.I'd not buy this holster again and cannot recommend it.	
I called Ace Digital and learned that the dark blue models are out of stock.	
Mac and Bluetooth.	
This is the second Boxwave case I've purchased for my Galaxy Note 2.	
!At this point, I'm in awe of their total incompetance.	
I had to go to an AT&T; store to get a new SIM card.	
This displayed whether I would turn it off and back on or not.	
Has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone.	
Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible.	
The speaker volume is very low.	
It was the most confortable fitting ear piece thus far and I have had a few different ones.	
Large memory capacity, including micro SD memory expansion, which can store lots of pictures, video and games.10.	
The service was very fast and the quality is top notch.	
They walked me through all the controls but still could not eliminate the 'wind' sound.	
This battery is a RIP OFF.	
in my situation, the silicone case was too gripping, and i made it difficult to remove the phone from my belt holster, so i had to take the case off.	
any type of normal use can easily crack the hinge and of course the manufacturer blames it on usage.	
First bluetooth, very happy.	
The sound quality is as good as being on the phone iteself.	
But the hissing and crackling were unacceptable.	
BAD customer service.	
I'M HAPPY I CAME HERE TO PURCHASE THIS ITEM.	
If some one can contect me that would be great thank you.	
The fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.	
I tend to get about 24-30 hours in standby and usually less than 1 hour of talk time.	
To my dismay, my wife could not hear me on her end.	
Great case.	
Very good - comfortable heatset.	
This was a gift for a coworkers how always needs to charger their battery but never has a charger.	
Not real handy when you want to quickly capture a fleeting moment.	
This is a very good product, very-very resistant strong plastic a relly good shoping with nice price.	
Great looking case!!.	
I originally reviewed this before I bought my Pebl.	
He used them while running.	
Like I said, some people say I sound a bit tinny, but I can hear fine with it.	
The wired headset that came w/ the phone does a better job with voice recognition.	
Easy and quick to set-up and you only have to recharge about once a month if you leave it on all the time.	
I have never used a headset before in my life, but my ex husband has and he loved this one as well.	
This finally resolved my issue.The long and short of it is this	
Called again, and was told to go deal with AT&T; (even though Amazon has the SIM cards for their contracts).	
can anyone else do that with there phone because i cant on mine...	
The overall rate for this phone is a stunning 61.3%*!	
droped my phone on the floor then it broke.	
This is not a plug-and-play device.My advice for casual Skype users, either get a wired headset, or a dedicated wireless VOIP/Skype handset.	
Volume controls could be better but it's still a great accessory.	
Made of poor quality.	
This is a HUGE phone that does a lot more than just a normal phone.	
Best bluetooth headset.	
Review of RAZR V3 Leather Case with Clip.	
Volume is marginal - OK for quiet locations but not for stores, airports, etc.4.	
Take 5 steps backwards to move 1 step is the best way to describe it.4.	
I should have paid more attention to the reviews.	
its pretty and preppy and just a must have to make a dull looking PDA look fantastic!	
DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT.	
They sent me a second one saying that the one I bought was defective but the second one ended up being "defective" as well?	
Item not as it seems.	
I backed up my phone book on to my computer a few times.	
Overall I would say I am very happy with the product and would buy it again.	
Excellent sound quality for Mp3 use.	
Can be worn with behind the ear "hook" or in your ear "loop".	
Used (Refurbished) and I was not told!.	
Well, a small one because at the price we paid we had no big expectations.	
Motorola HS850 Bluetooth Headset Review.	
General flakiness.I configured my Gmail account and started to get "some" email.	
Again and again.Downloaded the new software.	
buying this phone involves signing a contract with tmobile for an additional line of service.	
It was a waste of money.	
DO NOT BUY!!	
THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY.	
If anything happened, I would purchase another unit immediately.	
I lost my Motorola Bluetooth - Thank Goodness, and the 510 replaces it.	
I have experimented with AT&amp;T, Cingular, TMobile, Sprint, Verizon, and Nextel.	
Trust me, there is room for it.	
I see an adapter with 3 lines just like my headphones with mic.	
Almost perfect.	
I also purchased this because I wanted a car charger that did not trquire the adapter.	
Would difinately recommendthis item to everyone.	
I don't like this cover because it falls off of whatever you've clipped it to, and the case also falls off of the phone very easily.	
we'll see if the dropped calls stops.	
It did the job, but the earpiece was too big for my ear, wouldn't fit, and the button combination for the switching was a bit hard to accomplish.	
This is nice because it enable quick replies to text messages.	
During my 5 year marriage w/ Sprint, I had never had so many dropped calls as I had in that two week time frame.	
You get what you pay for.	
It is quite lightweight and would be easy to forget that you have it on.	
Works well... But.. I recently bought this converter to run a solid state cooler.	
Fantastic...for what it is!.	
Indoors, the range is good.	
It simply fails after a couple of months of use.	
I liked the protection it gave my phone, but the little side tabs cracked off.	
If you dislike the ringtones that came with your phone, you can download a standard ring from t-zones- it will cost $1.49.	
(Battery = $25+, phone $18 upgrade).	
Excellent Bluetooth Headset.	
I have two friends who had the EXACT same experience.	
It's useless, doesn't work.. Don't buy this one.	
I bought the case pouch for a Nokia E62 cell phone that i had purchased, but the pouch did not fit the E62.	
If you want to store more than 1 phone number for the same person(e.g.	
its ok, not great.	
Big hands and not-so-sensitive hearing are two big reasons to stay away from this phone.	
It feels a little loose on my ear, but hasnt fallen off yet.	
But thats fine with me because thats all i wanted was a spare charger, so i am happy with it.	
car chargwer.	
Switched service and am not looking back.	
Thank god..	
I expected this product to work perfectly atleast for a year, now I am left wondering how to get a replacement.	
The mini one that comes with the phone lasts about 24-36 hours making as few as 3 or 4 short (5 mins or less) calls.	
I bought this phone 3 days ago.	
The reception is mediocre at best.	
This makes it nearly impossible to see what you are looking at on the screen when outside in sunlight.	
Cuts down on the amount of chargers laying around	
I hope it last longer than the original one.	
There is no browser available with this phone through NET 10 although the phone is fully capable.	
Verizon's network is more reliable than most, and this phone seems to get better reception than other LG and Motorola models I've owned in the past.	
There is not excuse for this as Amazon has been told many times by Wilson Electronics that they are sending customers the wrong product.	
I also got a second one for my daughter who seems happy with it.	
He said buy it, upgrade it and you'll be good to go for syncing contacts and calendar.	
Do not recomend.	
Exactly what you would expect (in a good way).	
Super bargain!	
I work in an office, and take care of my stuff.	
Buyer be ware	
Or you'll be very sorry.	
Can't say enough about this product.	
This product does not perform.	
When I turned the phone on the external screen was all jumbled with lines running across it and a big black spot.	
I guess you get what you pay for.The battery holds a charge very well, except when you make a phone call.	
It's nice to not have to hold the phone the entire time.	
Average quality camera for a cell phone.5.	
Overall, my experience with this headset is positive.	
Received battery tried charging it and it didn't hold a charge from get go.Order a new one from Cell lounge, charged it and it is working great.	
Included accessories.	
This is one of the worst headsets I have ever used.	
Beyond that, it'd suffer from the same problem as many others on the market, i.e., too expensive.	
Yes, it's only $4.45, but it's $4.45 you will throw down the drain with this product.	
i'm very happy with my h500.	
I was amazed at the cost on this car charger.	
So the phone comes out of the holster easily.	
There are tons more out there to choose from!	
Hands-free earbud falls out of my ear (never had a problem with any other earbuds)3.	
Exactly what I needed.	
All the ports and buttons line up.	
Even when it is fitted properly, the majority of the time the "Noise Shield" blocks the sound of my voice, along with all the background noise.	
They're only 5 bucks.	
Very Disappointed!.	
Does what it is supposed to do -- for listening only.	
The camera while not great, is still a lot of fun.	
I wouldn't recommend buying them.	
I constantly have people come over and ask about it.	
Like other reviewers have mentioned, it does not fit very snugly on the ear.	
China doing its very best with its products to cripple the USA image as usual.	
it's like talking with two tin cans and a string.	
couldn't get the cell phone inside the case.	
i've gotten so many compliments and questions about it.	
Waiting on their response in the matter!	
Just what I was looking for, small, fits my ear (without the over ear hook), and comes in loud and clear.	
It defeats the purpose for which I purchased this - safety!	
I want the phone to be silent when I'm at work.	
This is junk.	
The cord is too short.	
TERRIBLE PRODUCTAND TO COSTLY TO SEND BACK.	
My iPod and USB retractable cables have lasted.	
This is my first motorola phone.	
great price, simple, and very useful!.	
So if you are looking for a headset for x-box live i would recomend it, however it does not have a call answer/end feature on the cord.	
and Did not charge my cell.Thanks	
Didn't Fit.	
It has very stylish looks with the blue and silver.	
There are other accessories that come with this mobile phone but they, of course, you have to purchase separately.	
The item is as advertised.	
Don't buy items like this without their original packaging!	
i think you had better check what can and cannot be sent overseas and make it CLEAR on the items you are selling.	
I am appalled that Blackberry would release a product this expensive without doing thorough quality assurance testing.	
This kept going on for ten minutes until I just took it out and resumed using my old one.	
Excellent Product.	
I wish I could send it back because it was $75 of wasted money.	
But the volume doesn't go high enough.	
Works great with Treo 700wx, PS3.	
I noticed this while waiting at the tech support counter for my address book to be transferred.Oh yeah, forget the 1.2 megapixel camera!	
As a matter of fact, I couldn't even get the clip closed until I spent about 10 minutes flexing the leather and the strap.	
good value pack.	
The fitting on the ear goes around and under the ear, holding firmly, but not interfering with your glasses!	
Think that people you call will be hard pressed to know you're on a headset.	
I order this battery by this picture but a got a different oneAccessoryOne bad service.	
More importantly, the charging tip is different from the real thing.	
mine dropped and after that it never worked the same again.	
I recently got the Samsung Captivate and have been looking all over for a good case.	
We roam around the house with no problems.	
I'd personally suggest buying a 4 Gig Mini SD card; I know that sounds like alot but you can store some video on it that way.	
The car charger fit but the wall charger didn't.	
It's very cool and confortable and the best thing is that I didn't have to buy an Ipod, hehe.	
I got a mount that can only be used in a 90-degree angle windshield.	
fine for what it is.	
Bought this as a combination Deal with an XM Skifi2 cradle.	
I prefer techno since im in my 20's.	
Better yet, the ring tones comes out in a full stereo mode (or at least sounds like it).5)Camera is good (2MP).	
Great product.	
The reversible cable is well done.	
But I've already experienced enough to be frustrated.Sound quality is extremely poor compared to my old (and much cheaper!)	
I had lots of frustration.Maybe it only fits a certain size ear, although I think mine is fairly average for an adult.	
Very nice phone.	
Totally worth the two dollars.	
Nothing more frightening than having my phone drop and breaking!	
The battery doesn't stay as mentioned in specification.	
After reading through some reviews, it seemed that there was a batch of lemons out there, so I gave this headset another shot.	
I had a pleasant surprise when I was traveling from St.	
No chargers,no batteries,ESN number written in pen inside the phone.	
Well worth buying!	
Good value!.	
I did a little research on this product and am very familiar with the plantronics brand.	
I bought this battery because my battery constantly died due to old age.	
This unit does not fit the ear well nor stay on, I would not recommend it, it was a waste of money for me.	
If I pick my phone up and hold it straight out from my face the reception is very good.	
I had problems not hearing clearly any phone calls.	
Also, I have not been able to find any after market software to make it work.	
Good tactile keypad feel and entirely adequate screen.	
Never, ever, ever buy this product - I would not even pay a dollar for it.	
The notification sound is ok, and can be changed, but the VC announcemenet seems to be the issue.3.	
Little bits of plastic can chip off the ends.	
The battery life so far is good, the build quality is good.	
If you want an inexpensive phone that will do VERY little other than make/receive calls, this phone is adequate.	
Until I got this adapter, I thought my ipod only played on my front speakers in my car.	
Works with Cingular Blue/AT&T!.	
I live in an area that T-Mobile and Sprint can not or barely get reception.	
Works great and comes with a handy doo-dad to keep it attached to your phone.	
But if I can get signal leaning over the windows, won't this thing be able to increase it?	
Previously I had Nokia and Samsung phones they were simply excellent.	
I love virgin mobile and bought the Wildcard and love it.	
Don't buy this device if you are expecting a digital camera or a mini-laptop.	
Once you're back in range, the LED stops blinking.I would highly recommend this product.	
OEM states to contact the manufacturer.	
The seller sent a dead battery, and called his voicemail, but it was full, seller name is "VIBE CELLULAR"	
I've had the phone for almost two years, and I've never had a problem with it.	
Had to mark it down though since the up/down volume button was hard to locate while on the ear.	
Not the fault of the BT8010 I know, but just thought I'd vent for an extra moment.Maybe Bluetooth just isn't where I had hoped it was.	
A Must Have.	
Limited/no support available.	
One quick solution would be to tie BT headset to the phone volume setting rather than the PDA.	
Of course, only the Palm M100 has the feature of changing the faceplates, that is why it's extremely cool.	
With web service you can check on team scores, road maps, or restaurants or movie listings or search other things.	
If you put a pad on the earpiece it is much more comfortable and won't slip from your ear as much.	
I have tried to charge the player through my computer with the original USB cable and now it won't even show a charge.	
Treo Bluetooth Headset.	
It took a few days for the battery to reach its full charge potential, but after a week its working as well as a new battery would!	
The connections is coming and going.	
When they opened the next package, it had the same black line so I got my money back and ordered this one.	
The cable does not fit the LG225 phone I bought it for.	
I'm very impressed with that.Cons	
Motorola HS850 Bluetooth Headset.	
HiI have used this cell phone for about 10 months now - I highly recommend you guys DON'T BUY THIS.it has cool looks and cool blue tooth technology.	
The headset mode works great with Skype.	
Don't buy this product.	
Click "Exit".How about texting on my Palm Centro broke which broke and forced me to use the worst phone ever made?1.	
The second problem I had was that I was never able to transfer a call from the device to the phone.	
I know because I asked.	
Razr Pastic Shell.	
PRODUCT ADDVERTISED AS MOTOROLA RIZR Z3 ULOCKED GSM QUADBAND CELL PHONE-BLACK.	
I hate this phone.	
I definitely didn't end up with the best phone.	
Email is amazingly fast and reliable.	
I have used this model headset for a number of years because of its durability and clarity.	
Phone starts to beep after 2-3 hrs of talking.- Calendar, alarm, notes, contacts cannot be synchronized with Outlook.- Awful camera resolution.	
Overall, a great phone!	
went through 15 samsung A990 in 4 months.	
Look at the picture.	
When i first got this phone i loved it.	
They work very well, like much better than the Motorola's we had, and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive.	
set up is easy.	
The battery does not last long at all and the quality of my calls are poor.	
New LG OEM battery for a fraction of the cost being charged elsewhere.	
I only buy HTC phones, and if this was "made by HTC" they had it contracted out.	
You can not wear it comfortablly while wearing sunshades.	
u get what u pay 4.	
I had received a text message that was a wrong number.	
When you first get it you are afraid to hold it the wrong way in fear that you may break it.	
The Samsung was on sale and had decent ratings, so I thought I'd give it a try.	
Once it is on, you barely notice its there.	
This Headset is HORRIBLE or maybe it's just the one i got but either way it sucks and i thought Plantronic's had a good name!	
I have problems with t-mobile every month (literaly) if its either with downloading things i did not download or text messaging.	
My past experience with wired Plantronics ones was excellent, so I tried the Plantronics Voyager 510.	
Doesn't do squat.	
- no matter whatever options you select from the site, make sure you double check your first bill.	
Don't buy it if you plan to keep it anywhere other than 0 degrees (which digs into your side pretty well).	
Thus, using a weight bench at the gym is impossible.	
When I'm due to upgrade, I'll check out Blackberry and Apple's IPhone and will finally give up on the Palm OS that I've used all these years.	
the pink doesn't scratch off easily4.	
I got the HT820 a few days ago and for the most part I am very happy with it.	
The software refused to install on my system.	
So long, that in many cases your caller will hang up or get flipped to voicemail before you can answer with the headset.	
It is not really worth it.	
(The other four were crap.)	
The device crashes a lot and resets.	
I've talked to several other Curve and 8800 owners who have the same problem.	
The RAZR can be more than a little bit picky about its charger.	
That's $35 I'd like to have back!	
The font on the main screen is difficult to read because it's too small.	
The only thing we needed, it didn't have!.	
As other reviewers have remarked, no way to position mic close enough to mouth to provide adequate volume.	
The problem is a horribly flawed battery cover.	
Ring tones are much better than those provided by Samsung et al!4.	
This is by far the WORST phone I've ever encountered.	
Excellent sound quality; uncomfortable earpiece.	
Everyone says that I sound like I am far away and that there is a candy wrapper stuck in the phone line.	
There was so much static it's impossible to enjoy the music.	
Software is excruciatingly slow moving from menue to menue.	
Works very well.	
I get pretty good battery life although I have noticed in the last month or so that it seems to run down faster.	
Verizon service also insures that you have bars in some of the weirdest places!	
Thus, the Sony provides a much more pleasant listening experience.The Sony headphones are light, comfortable, and fit under a bike helmet.	
This is one cool little headset.	
I accidentally bought the wrong kind of case for my krzr and MyNetDeals promptly took care of it.	
Greatest Phone ever.	
When you zoom in, it simply crops the picture a little closer to the center so it doesn't have to scale as much to fit onto the screen.	
It is very sensitive.	
It constantly droppes calls, the receiption is pretty bad almost anywhere compared to T-Mobile.	
Best of all is that it just looks great!!	
So, I got a third phone.	
Disappointed with the quality of this device.	
Other negatives I have read about are the placement of the charge port and the memory card, neither have bothered me.	
I've only had one problem with the i95 in a year....I guess that's not TOO bad???	
It continually dropped words unless I held the phone no more than six inches away from the headset while I was using it.	
It is the nicest looking phone that I've seen besides the i860 and v3, but those are over $300.00.	
A reliable headset is vital.	
When I can afford to buy a better transmitter (hopefully one that also charges), this one is going in the garbage.	
Even after this modification, the phone should be *very* tight.	
The iGo line of products is an excellent way to keep all of them charged without a lot of extra cables.	
You are going to enjoy this high power camera.	
It stays in my ear without having additional support over my ear that would get in the way of my glasses.	
Nokia failed me.	
Buy a Treo.	
From now on all my screen protector needs will be met by JAVOScreen	
...I think that these are just about the greatest accessory for palm.	
Functional but takes some getting used to.	
Motorola Hands-Free Headset for RAZR V3.	
I've had two...both have broken very quickly (one was a replacement).	
WORKS PERFECT.	
I like the removeable belt clip.	
He is a Boston sports fan all the way.	
No doubt that it is definitely the "in" phone to have right now.	
It was really bad at first, but after repositioning the Audio Streamer a little bit, it seemed to be less noticeable.	
The sound coming through to the person you are calling is almost all static, making the earpiece completely useless.	
My son had a problem with his phone (not related to the battery) shortly after getting this battery.	
Very satisfied with the service.	
On this phone, you're forced to check voicemail BEFORE seeing the name of the missed caller.	
and its exspandable.	
can't hear anything.	
RATE IT ZERO!!!!.	
Love the PDA / Hate the Phone.	
In order to use this holder, I have to use my original battery which needs to be recharged every other day -- very inconvenient.	
Of course no replacement battery could be like the original when it was new.	
I bought a BH-200 and was not good.	
But it is not.	
I hope Mobility releases a driver in the near future!	
The price was incredible for something that has served me so well for that long!	
Used both dongle provided drivers and BlueSoliel drivers.	
Sprint claims you can use it as a modem, but it doesn't work with a Mac - the Mac sees the USB device but doesn't think it's a modem.	
I got it, plugged it in, and it burned out.	
If only my crappy Nextel phone could keep up will the quality of the headset.	
Save your money and either buy something better or settle for your phone's built-in speakerphone; this thing is an expensive piece of crap.	
Disappointed.	
It is the cingular GO PHONE.	
After switching to T-mobile in July of 06 I can now say that I regret leaving Cingular.	
No outside caller-ID :-(.	
Broke on day 1.	
I said I was also surprised that the product scratched so easily.	
Overall, I love this case/holster, and wouldn't want to be without it.	
Lasted Well and Kept it's Charge for Me.	
But, then again, it cost $5 --- there's more than that under the seat of my car.	
Its a waste of money.	
I successfully registered the phone on my Cingular network (now AT&T).	
One slight disappointment is that this case is not available in an assortment of colors to permit one to personalize one's cellphone.	
I really haven't had any problems with my phone, bad service at times but thats not the phones fault i belive it is the carrier.	
The hook has a merging line right in the middle where is sits on the ear and it causes fatigue very quickly.	
it will load your entire buddy lists, lets you do smileys, away messages, everything.	
Worth every penny!	
I just love it!!!	
The loop thing is a little awkward, but it does the job well.	
Maybe it would work better with a different phone, but definitely NOT with my Panasonic.	
I continue to be happy with it, although I think I might like one with a speakerphone built in.	
Great Product, Great Price.	
I called Motorola support and all they tell me is "Just push the button."	
First time Blue Tooth user.... This headset worked right out of the gate with my Nokia phone.	
These headphones are by far the most comfortable "behind-the-head" I have worn yet.	
Unfortunately, they weighted about a ton and I felt really stupid when I walked around the mall with them on.	
It is easy to sync to the phone and very comfortable to wear.	
Sometimes it doesn't rise past 83% even though it has been charging all night.	
In all honesty it's a steal.	
I tried voice dialing at Interstate speed, though and had no success except at low speed.	
Not working at all.	
Unforunately, I cannot recommend it becuase Virgin Mobile customer service is very poor.	
It does not pull number correctly.	
Might as well just buy a different adapter!	
I called the vendor for a replacement and after a very long conversation they agreed to send a replacement.	
Great for my Blackberry.	
That's about what one should expect.. Some who gave this product one star wondered if they received a genuine Motorola product.	
Need to go into menus!6.	
The sound is terrible.	
Great device - mediocre phone.	
If you are an average phone user, I could see this battery lasting at least 3-5 days without recharging it.	
I have 2 batteries of these, while I'm using one, I'm charging the other.	
Lastly I love how they included a multiple number under one contact system, that makes my entry of numbers a lot simpler.	
Scratches way worse.	
That seems a little too much.	
They are comfortable and the sound quality is good.	
They were better than my tired OEM ones.	
As for as delivery was concerned everything was excellent and no complains.	
?My opinion	
Bluetooth does not always work well, but this cable is great.	
The phone is over 50% of my job.	
As for me, I am extremely please with my purchase.	
I use it with my Vonage broadband phone, and the people I call say it sounds very clear so the mike is good too.	
If it fits you'll find a new level of comfort, sound quality and not to mention it looks a lot better to get rid of the ear loop.	
This headset is so comfortable you forget you are wearing it.	
This is junk.	
The battery last a long time before I need to recharge.	
Hight quality workmanship.	
It doesn't even last more than 30mins of talk time.	
It always reset the clock on the phone.	
You get what you pay for...	
Easy to install, well made antenna was able to bring in a cell signal from a tower that was out of sight and miles away from my wooded setting.	
So for it has worked perfectly.	
FIRST I WATED FOREVER TO RECIEVE MY PRODUCT.	
Also, I have big ears and my wife has little ears.	
Voice dialing issues.	
Second, the interface is pretty easy to use and figure it out.	
Volume is VERY poor at 65 mph in a '04 Passat.	
After charging, I easily paired it with my Treo 650 phone and made my first call.	
Doesn't work well.	
Worked as expected.	
MAKE SURE YOU KNOW IT FITS BEFORE ORDERING.	
The phone is very good.	
(it was $3)	
)There are a couple of nice features in the address book I really like.	
Works great!.	
This was another looser product I bought from Amazon.	
Well, it's pretty, but that's about it.I loved this phone in the store.	
The faceplates cover only half of the palm.	
The KRAZR is a disappointment.	
Click on Button 'Devices'7.	
I would highly recommend this cell phone.	
Great device, but.... I had a BT headset a while back but it wasn't convenient and didn't work so well.	
Gave it 2 stars because the case is of some use by itself.	
Maybe its ok for a phone conversation, but for listening to music the range is really quite bad and uneven.	
Kinda pricey, but for the price you get three pieces of essential geek tech in one.	
If so, how did they fix it.	
Now I can voice chat with my buddies and family and still be around the house doing things.	
How will you know if information provided by Cingular is accurate?3.	
It continued to be paired with my Treo, yet, the call was filled with too much static (for both callers) to be functional.	
The email doesn't work.	
(You can always use higer capacity Memory Stick Duo)4.	
My third complaint is that I get dropped from calls quite frequently, once was during a job interview inquiry.	
It was good quality, fit the cell phone very tightly and was slim enough to not bulk up the size of the phone.	
It has mysteriously powered down once by itself.	
There is no explanation, update, patch, or anything to fix the problem.	
But while it does that, you cannot receive calls.	
Don't trust this website.	
Not three months after I purchased it, the thing stopped working, literally broke (physically) and was thrown in the trash.	
My home is only just over 1300 sq ft so we weren't asking a lot.	
So my phone has turned off several times	
The LG L1400 comes with alot of extra for its cheap price($115) but as with everything theres room for improvement	
Unreliable product, unfortunately.The on-off switch to the Bluetooth is wildly inconsistent, sometimes it will work and other times it won't.	
Very disappointed, and not worth the money saved by going through them!	
I hope that Samsung creates an adapter to fit in the jack that will allow you to use regular headphones.	
Works well in my W810i.	
It feels cheap in your hands when you hold it.	
I have been using this cell phone case for a little over a month and I am very happy with it.	
It IS possible to bend the earpiece to sort-of fit your ear but nothing really ever felt secure.	
The address book is about halfway down the menu page instead of right up front where it should rightfully be.	
waste of money.	
At first I thought it needed to be charged, but that did not help.	
I can talk for long periods of time and find it to be a real pleasure to use.	
this is probably one of the sleekest phones out there.	
The screen is a nice size but the picture quality is awful.	
I had to wait till the inbox was full before I could try to make a call or text.	
I'm a simple person and so I needed a simple phone that is good for text messaging.	
This is a great improvement over other headsets where I couldn't hear very well.	
First, regarding the shipper.	
Without the story above, I would have given it a one star.	
I have htis phone and it replaced a Samsung model that I had with Sprint.	
Exactly what I need.	
Radio Shack's price was 40.00 for a replacement charger.	
Don't purchase it.	
I've tested it with three batteries - 2 Li ION and 1 NiMH and it doesn't work with any in the rear pocket.	
Sure beats using your finger to work around the screen especially a man with larger fingers.	
I bought this "unlocked" cell phone for one of my daughters to replace hers that she was having trouble with.	
ive dropped it down a whole flight of stairs more times than u can imagine.	
I bought this headset to go with my new Treo 650 smartphone.	
I also have a bluetooth Plantronics Voyager headset for my iPhone and it is also very good.	
Openings is to large for small bluetooth.	
It's one flaw, and it is probably not uncommon to bluetooth headsets in general, is that you can hear the wind.	
At&t claimed that they no longer carried the item, and tried to say the orginal cell phone needed to be replaced.	
Take this out of the Xbox mic search results and off the market	
The strap was rather flimsily and I was worried that it may tear as the Velcro secured it well but it didn't last long enough to tear.	
Apparently, Motorola has heard the complaints noted in some of the reviews here.	
Charge lasts me a week!.	
Good but fragile.	
These headphones work beautifully.	
At this point, I was told by level three wireless support that &quot;it might not work with your VPN&quot; (business network).	
Affordable and works!.	
Lots of noise.. I bought this product about 1 month ago and it is not working properly.	
AMAZON REFUNDED MY MONEY IN FULL.	
The earpiece volume in a call was extremely quiet and the camera released a greenish colored tint in all the pictures.	
I've got a garish electronic gadget stuck to my head!!	
It's even worse if the other person is on a poor headset, too.	
Glad I bought it.	
The material is not good at all.Don't waste your money on this case and it's NOT worth 20 bucks at all.	
Wow, I have finally found a bluetooth headset that actually works as advertised.	
Good product, HORRIBLE tech support.	
I did not expect the best headset for the price that this headset costs.	
The headset connects well to bluetooth phones.	
The locking swivel bracket does not lock in place like my original one does either, so the phone and pouch swivels around while wearing it.	
We tested both units and both were found to be defective.	
In my experience LG cell phones have great sound quality.	
Very poor battery life.	
GREAT PHONE/MUSIC PLAYER/CAMERA!!!!	
The shipping was free and fast.	
Cheap good buy.	
Almost the perfect smartphone.	
Works perfectly.	
I would totally buy another one if need be in the future.	
Need more info.	
My mom complains of a little echo when she speaks on it, too.	
I like to make voice records but I cannot tap into the large bank of photo memory.	
The phone has a lot of neat extras.Now for the bad.	
So being relatively new to the Bluetooth scene, I'm no expert by any means.	
Think of a student at Columbine or Virginia Tech hiding from the gunman in a closet and trying to quietly call 9-1-1 to get help.	
This item is NOT like the item that comes withthe Palm TX.	
Never worked well as phone headset.	
This charger has been working for me for about a year now, and I haven't had any problems!	
The only problem i have with this product is the fit around the wheel it does not line up.	
This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel.	
I am not trying to discriminate against women but this pouch is for men.	
Be very weary of Blue Harbor Online.	
Got the BL-6C battery and I am good to go.	
Great for texting, descent camera, and has more display features than any other phone.	
I should have read more of the reviews and paid closer attention.The unit is slick in theory and design.	
Watch out - defective phones from amazon.	
The earpiece is comfortable.	
I got the phone within a couple of days after ordering.The phone was in excellent condition as advertised.	
This is the black one (Krusell 00332)	
I recommend staying in the low stations 88.1-90.1.	
Nice little leather case at a good price.	
I was very disappointed this and the other case that I from this store they are very cheap.	
JX10 Earhook strange Item to Review.	
not a matter of chance here.. his and the white version of wireless headphone for ipod is being clearanced elsewhere for a good reason.	
Hello dont buy it ... I have HTC touch pro 2 .	
However, the price was 60% less.	
(That's 60% volume.)	
We finally reached someone after 5 days and supposedly our phone was to be activated.	
I have a Kodak V530 I bought many years ago and was only getting 10-15 minutes of battery life.	
She is totally satisfied with the phone.	
Amazon does and I verified I ordered the right product.	
I was very reluctant to buy a headset at all because all of the ones I saw were very bulky.	
They shipped a different part number than in the picture, with only an 820 mAH rating.	
Cheap imitation of a Motorola charger....DIDN'T WORK!	
Not bad for Price.	
This is the most user-unfriendly cell phone ever made.	
It sounds good, and the adjustable orientation for the wire is great.Occasionally it won't work right away.	
I am so disappointed with this phone for two reasons	
This phone is a peice of garbage, especially with Cingular.	
Beware of the Amazon "return" policy.	
This was a good value for me.	
There is no error message that you are doing this.	
Calling and trying to complain to nextel is futile.	
If you are looking for cheap bluetooth headset andn choosing this one pls pls dont even think about this one.	
Plantronics accessory.	
Motorola H700 Headset.	
And the volume is incredibly low.	
Is this too much to ask?In genreal I would have to say that the operating system on this phone is in ALPHA phase.	
That battery is made in Japan and it truly has a longer standby life (4-5 days).	
It appears to wobble around the ear and leaves me with the feeling that it is going to fall off at any time.	
Then I found this one specifically for the 8200 series.	
It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty.	
Now I am weary of Sony phones.	
All good - As advertised.	
It seemed to work fine, as I have had this model before and loved it.	
The date code on the battery that Amazon sent me was OLDER than the one that I was replacing!	
I now have two phones (give one to the kids to carry--if it is lost, no one is going to run up a big phone tab).	
The on-ear never felt comfortable or locked-in.This model is adequate, but nothing special.	
Look, I know they're not exactly new, but this was the kind of phone my dad wanted.	
Get Plantronics Voyager 510 Instead.	
Look at the specs for your phone and give it a try.The microphone will capture sound just fine.	
All other, just pay the money to Apple.	
This really comes in handy at times.	
Very good phone for the money.	
Look good but there are many down sides for a phone!.	
When I try to press it against my ear I end up pressing the buttons on the outside of it.	
You pretty much HAVE to use this product with the XV-6700, but doesn't mean you have to like it.	
Steady charge.. Did a pretty good charging up my old bulky Nokia cell phone.	
I guess I got what I paid for.Before I go into the annoyances, I will say a couple of good things about this phone.	
The reception on it works pretty good, however I can not stand the constant feeling that it is going to fall off from my head.	
I was then transferred to someone else who told me that the number was approved for processing.	
This item simply didn't work at all.	
The old BlackBerries don't scratch... I actually turned this piece of junk back in and reactivated my old BlackBerry for this reason.	
I keep an old X495 on the charger all the time and just exchange batteries whenever I wish, no down time!	
Very pleased with my purchase.Thanks amazon for this product!	
If I walked briskly or went up/down stairs, the bag would swing into the holder.	
There is a loop on the back, above the nub, so you can hang the phone from a lanyard, which is a plus.	
Several weeks ago he was on a dock and dropped his phone in the lake.	
I exchanged my first Palm with another, which, thankfully, does the same thing.	
On the StarTac there is an LED that blinks green-green when the phone is on and normal.	
Great for Kids, Embrassing for Everyone else.	
Shoddy manufacturing make it an iffy proposition.	
The sound quality is quite good and people do not complain about or know that you have them on a headset.	
I really wish that this was depicted more accurately as it seems to be a decent product.	
Flimsy plastic.	
razr phone a good buy.	
Hard to Compete with Super Price.	
new blackberry/t-mobile user.	
Drops calls all the time!.	
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	
The one shipped does not have the ring for using an around the neck lanyard.	
Sure the ringer tones aren't the loudest, but whenever I'm in a situation where I can't hear my ring tone, I just put it in vibrate mode.	
I even ordered some cheap new colorful faceplates so now I'm "hardcore phat" again (or whatever).8.	
I think Motorola got it right this time by using a standard USB interface.	
First of all, it has some serious issues with turning itself on.	
Many if the others i've had like to die about 30 mins into a conversation.	
This item by Body Glove is exactly the protection this phone requires.	
When package came, it contained travel kit only.	
Too bad it has been discontinued by Plantronics.	
WILL SELL SHARES OF MOTOROLA AND VERIZON AS ONLY RECOURSE.	
If you hit it wrong while driving, it is easy to knock it out.	
I have had more expensive phones with lots more options (reading word documents.	
Magnets & the metel visor clip seem to hold it in place just fine.	
This is the LG vehicle car charger.	
Calls have to be answered first on the phone and then transfered to the blueant.	
It's a pain.	
BAD PRODUCT.	
Samsung E715 Phone.	
the transmitter is a little tricky at first, what with finding an empty station that will accept the incoming transmission clearly.	
Dangerous for contact lists etc.	
Overall, I'm really happy that I found it at Amazon!	
Nice Phone Impressive features, Complements The RAZR well.	
This cable is a great alternative to the $100+ Connectivity Toolkit.	
But first of all, it's great as a cell phone.	
Unreliable Phone for long term.	
I must say I am very pleased, the headset is very small along with the volume being good as well.	
broke after a few months.	
a very poor quality product.	
Even when I tried to run it in Windows XP compatibility, the install failed.	
Very Happy.	
The Q is a frustrating waste of time and money.	
I purchased a Palm Vx off the internet and wanted to protect it because I use it outdoors year round.	
DO NOT buy, and DON'T use Verizon.	
It's annoying when the envelope doesn't dissapear after you have checked your voicemail messages!	
It just keeps blinking !Removed Memory Card!	
Compact, Easy to carry, Sleek & Stylish2.	
I supplied complete information but only got a canned response in return.	
Looks cool... but,...... Well, first off, this BT is bigger than it looks.	
I had a glitch when I first hooked it up, but customer service helped me right away and everything works fabulously.	
Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing.	
Don't Get This Product.	
Defective product, no support.	
Good ole HP will not allow this phone to be upgraded either.6.	
Overall, I was relatively pleased with the outcome, and would do it again to save the $.	
I did get in touch with customer service and they said the new style will have a top closure...wait for the new style.	
it always got good reception--way better than previous phones i had.	
The microphone works very well on phone calls, better than my dedicated Motorola bluetooth ear-piece.	
No bluetooth or any cutting edge feature.In short, Samsung E315 is safe bet for people who like flip phones and want T-Mobile.	
I read similar problems with Motorola phones on internet.Secondly, the voice reception is not so good.	
I like wireless, but compared to a traditional hands-free device this is not enough to justify the purchase.	
And by the way if you buy the v600 (...).	
You will get enhanced NOISE rather than enhanced voice.	
great battery.	
The phone did not work when I received it.	
I am returning this phone and switching back to T-Mobile before the 30 day period is not over yet (23 day period in my case).	
It takes a bit getting adjusted, but well worth the protection it provides!	
I'd highly recommend it.	
It kinda hangs off my ear.	
It still come out slightly cheaper than other online store.	
I could easily use it as a phone and also have my contacts, calendar, Internet, and the huge bonus of email all with me at once.	
Now music barely plays at all through it and the cable seperated from the spool.	
Amazon should dump people like these.	
Worst Phone Ever!.	
This case cover didn't last one month.	
Purchased the booster due to a weak signal inside the house.	
Great Value.	
Poor Quality Plastic Screen Scratches Easily.	
Has anyone recieved this ghost phone from amazon.	
Easy fits in any pocket.	
The sound quality wasn't excellent but was well above what you would get from a cheap device, and the signal strength was really good.	
Ear reciever to big.	
3 Members of my family all got it with our family plan, and within a year all 3 phones screens stopped working, rendering the phone almost useless.	
It's not equipped with a camera or any of those other features people have grown accustomed to.	
Bad software, no guaranteed that phone will last long.	
No trouble after two months.	
I was confident about my tech abilities so I took the chance for DIY.	
This was recommended to me by the salesman at the Sprint store over a year ago.	
Wow, was I wrong - DO NOT BUY!!.	
When I read about the jawbone, I decided it was worth another shot.	
It lacks any kind of high frequency response, and so sounds very boomy and full of bass, making it almost impossible to use.	
I have tried many Bluetooth devices but the Voyager 510 is the best of the bunch.	
That is, until you've had it on for more than 30 minutes or so.	
Useless for 32 gb 3gs.	
In the past I have not been an iPod type user but now find myself daily using both the Walkman and FM radio (again, good signals in our area).	
I can barely hear anything with it, it breaks up all the time.	
Works well, slight cosmetic issue.	
Good item, recommend.	
With all due respect for other reviewers I have to recommend this product because it works perfectly for me.	
Yes, this is the perfect accessory for the quadriplegic deaf midget.	
The best I have found.	
First time when I plugged in, the cell phone displayed error message that "Charging Error, remove immediately".	
I stepped away to test the range... digital static and crackle on my end.	
I bought it after Thanksgiving 2005 and have been using it daily without any problems.	
With the changing laws concerning hands-free cellphone use, I needed one for my wife and daughter's cars.	
Not as good as I'd hoped.	
I purchased this phone to replace a Sony Ericsson T637.	
While this is standard for many phones, it does increase your investment.-No customization to create quick access to your most common functions.	
That was a good thing because, combined, these two batteries don't even last as long as the battery they were intended to replace.	
So far so good...I really do like this phone when it's working.	
The sound quality is great,and I have no trouble at all with hearing or talking to anyone on my phone!	
The screen is amazing.	
Very Disappointed-Not As Advertised!.	
The whole process turned from a convenience into a frustraing experience.	
Great Value.	
At first I was very excited because this was my frist flip phone.	
dont get this phone.	
It works so that I can have my hands free when talking on phone.	
I really do like this product and will be installing one of these for my mother-in-law very soon.	
The technology in this little piece of wonderfulness is amazing.	
GRRRRRRR The phone randomly shuts down --twice while trying to type this review.	
The batteries were only 99 cents apiece plus shipping.	
Be warier still of signing up with T-mobile because of their &quot;buyer beware&quot; policy.	
Clear hearing for both people on the line.Would rate as 5 stars if it was possible to charge it through USB connection.	
DON'T BUY THIS ITEM - I wish I could give it -0- stars.	
I also made sure to check my phone was on the 800 mhz frequency and it was so that isn't the problem.	
And I too have friends that have been burned by this phone.	
It's not a total loss since it still charges the phone.	
I got these for my kids to you when they listen to music on there phones.	
In front it extends about 1/16" proud of the screen in front so the screen is cushioned from the surface if the Note is placed screen down.	
There are no drivers, so the special functions do not work, i.e.	
After a couple of weeks, I contacted the seller.	
It ALMOST fit, which make it about as useful as... well a charger you can ALMOST plug into your phone.	
Ringtone selection is slim, but viable.	
I buy it for my girlfriend and she loves it... has almost all functions of the Razors & K1 with extra funny animations.	
Overall, great product.	
If I have 9 speed dial numbers I should have at least that many ringtones to know when some of these supposedly important contacts calls me.	
Blackberry Curve users?	
The OS has been updated from the V600 and it's a lot more stable than the V600's.	
Weak product, with frustrating support from Boxwave.	
Otherwise you're on your own.	
The original battery still worked but it was starting to bulge.	
Consider yourself warned.	
The Bluetooth protocol really slows down the phone.	
I used it with the LGVX8300.	
I highly recommend this!!!!!	
I bought the extended battery and I maybe get 1 full day of life out of the phone.	
I always like playing it.	
After receiving the screen protector and applying it.	
Helmet Intercom.	
I read the bad reviews here, but thought to myself "i've never seen a bad sony product, so take the plunge!"	
I can't wait till my contract is up, so I can get a new model phone.	
Buttons are a bit strange, but nothing one can't get used to.	
What a waste of time.	
I highly recommend it.	
I thought I would love this phone and wanted to download my nursing software on it.	
I don't even use the extendable antennae.	
First, this is a great headset.	
It is lightweight and cheap but hey, I've totally gotten my moneys worth out of china with this one!	
Fast delivery.	
I plugged the charger into the first phone that was waiting to be returned and the same thing happened, "Not Charging" msg appeared.	
Good Blue Tooth for a nominal use	
My son liked the look of the headset but I would not recommend he purchase it.	
I am forceed to stay with T-Mobile or face a $200 early termination fee for both my cell phone and my air card.	
517-887-5856 or call 1800BeHoly!	
The call log shows as Failed.	
Misdescriptive.	
This is a great product that does its job well.	
Palm was a good company once, now they have got their heads up their #&(&^$#(.	
Great Bluetooth.	
Durable head set and doubles as a converter.	
I started using it and the earpiece completely died after about two minutes of use.	
Nice feature set - VGA camera, video, bluetooth, themes, voice recording, etc.5.	
I had to setup it up as a BT Headset instead of just paiing it with my phone.	
They were in a small zip log bag when I received them.	
No Assistance.	
I bought two cables.	
You can set videos as your backround, there are many different writing fonts.	
Battery doesn't fit my phone.	
not to worry though as i got what i was looking for just as cheap and in cases cheaper on EBAY AUSTRALIA.thanks.	
Had to take battery out to reset and put screen back on, just to have it continually repeat.	
We have used their products loyally for over 4 years.	
The handsfree set is useless due to inferior voice quality.	
It kept switching from side one to side two and then ejecting itself from the tape deck about every thirty seconds.	
The screen protector includes an application kit - a small plastic card and micro-fiber like cloth.	
I got this for my International Galaxy note N7000 and it fits great.	
poor usability.	
I received this item in red bubble wrap that had a made in china sticker on it.	
Great Device.	
Let me start by telling you that I am a heavy business cell phone user.	
Poor sound quality.	
The calendar synchronization does not work.. The phone I got is defective.	
T-616 sucks.	
Definitely worth the money!	
Good basic phone.	
Clear directions and easy set up.Makes talking while driving MUCH easier.	
The only good thing about this model is that it's no worse than its competitors.	
Its not that big of a deal.	
Doesn't want to work.	
I just got this last weekend and so far am pleased with it.	
if you haven't activated your tracfone yet then the 'refer a friend program' will give each of us 100 free minutes.	
Tried two computers using the directions to the T and nothing.	
It may just be my phone's output, yet I do wish the speaker was a little louder sometimes.	
I feel so fortunate to have found this item.	
Great Cover.	
I don't understand why the phone even has a drafts function since you cannot even manually save a text message to the drafts.	
)- Although this phone has the feature of Multimedia Messaging (MMS), if you buy it unlocked, this feature will not work with AT&T; service.	
I wish I wouldn't have bothered buying this.	
No way for people to get in touch with you.	
It only worked for a month!!	
The reception is perfect.	
Not quite as represented, but functional, and a great price.	
This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel.	
I used a sharp knife blade with minimal damage to the case.	
If I had brought it in before the year was up Motorola would replace the whole unit, but since the year was up I was SOL.	
Do not waist your time.	
This causes the flap to be on the side of the pouch instead of the top and makes it easy for phone to fall out when used horizontally.	
I've been using the TuneTalk in my 8th grade classroom for several months now and it is a useful way of recording students' reactions or thoughts.	
Does exactly what is it supposed to do.. I have had the product now for about a month and honestly, I have absolutely no complaints with it.	
I sent the item back, and Amazon gave me a full refund.	
Stylish, low profile, and just grippy enough.	
Be Careful.	
If you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static.	
weight.......suggests that this could have been sent faster than the suggested 7-10 days for snail mail from coast to coast.	
I have no discomfort after long periods of use.	
Bad product, not even sealed when it arrived.... I suspect these batteries to be used or refurbished.	
Great product overall!.	
Some people have also complained that the mic picks up lots of ambient noise.	
Look no further.	
In the past, I've tried to steer clear of FM transmitters because they just don't deliver great sound.	
This is really remarkable considering that the Bluetooth air interface is not considered high fidelity.	
mis guided information.	
Better then a flip!.	
So, if you want a cheap car charger and don't care about the ear piece or case then this a great deal.	
My supplier (not Amazon) doesn't want to know and, just to add insult to injury - their only &quot;solution&quot; of new clips doesn't work.	
Don't waste your money even if it's $5.00.	
I inserted it into the phone and the phone reported that it was not formatted.	
I would recommend this unit to anyone wanting a quality bluetooth.	
Especially ridiculous with Gmail.	
Perfect teenage or college kid phone.	
I like it better than the two Motorola's headsets I've had in the past.	
Lenmar Replacement Battery for iPod classic.	
I often got complaints from callers that they couldn't really understand me because I sounded muffled.	
I play with phones all day long and I usually know how to do just about everything on any given phone within a few days.	
And then when I would talk to my husband on the phone he said I sounded horrible on his side.	
Simply ... dreadful.	
I love being able to record important conversations or events for my own private use.	
This product does Work.. I didn't think this product would work.	
The only thing is the tone editor, the bit rate is 32Kbps.	
Most of the time I forget I'm wearing it.	
I had this phone for about 2 years.	
Neither bad nor good.	
Since they didn't send me the right batteries the first time, why would I think they would send me the right ones the next time?	
I would not buy a charger from Amazon againUltra Slim Travel Charger for Sony Ericsson Z500a, S710a	
Usually it will delete pertinent information and restore deleted infromation.	
It's very easy to accidentally hit the track forward/back button when putting the headphones on.	
NEEDS TRYING DIFFERENTPOSITIONS IN EAR TO FIND BEST FIT AND SIZE.	
This Stylus feels much more like a pen than the original asus stylus.	
Very irritating!BoxWave HTC Titan Armor Case - The Metal Case, Heavy Duty Protective Case (Jet Black)	
When the price of the leather case was less than the shipping I had two thoughts	
It was fully charged when it arrived, which told me it wasn't fresh and new.	
The headset was delivered as promised and, so far, has performed well; I have hopes for it over the long run.	
let me start by saying that this is the first ppc I have ever had, I am comparing it to a treo 650, sony clie ux50, zire 71, and backberry.	
This is not a complaint on the vendor, but merchandise does not meet my expectations.	
Save your money and look into a phone that's easier to use than this one.	
it seems to have a ton of talk time (at least 6 hours, i would say)...but the reception just plain sucks.	
Bad experience.	
The first headset had so much static that it was unusable.	
Worst Treo ever!.	
It's decent, and better than holding the phone when driving, but I'd like to see if newer headsets have improved on any of the features.	
In addition, it makes a really cute looking phone (Motorola V60) look ugly.	
Extremely handy & nice.	
Save your money and buy something else.	
Blackberry Lambskin Swivel Case.	
It really is too bad...I detest the earpieces and am going to have to switch over to one if I want to speak longer than a couple of minutes.	
Plantronics 910, however, is amazing.	
I dont really care for the bluetooth since its pointless being less than a feet away from me, unless using to transfer to pcs or somethin.	
It is broken too.	
Motorola V551 = Perfect.	
Of course Amazon is sending a replacement, so that issue is solved.	
For the almost $50 price tag i thought it would be better quality since it was the step up from the entry level bluetooth.	
Everything seems to be working out perfectly and this new phone accessory is sweet.	
It does have Voice Memo, an undocumented feature that Verizon Support couldn't find either.	
I would recommend not to put yourself through the hassles encountered by many people who got stuck with it.	
I've tried to get in touch with them mulitple times and no one returns my emails.	
I bought their 'leather' case, and was very disappointed.	
As a piece of design it's nothing, a grey plastic box with non-descript buttons that bulks up the phone by clipping on the bottom.	
The phone's built in 70MB memory can store approximately 30 MINUTES of continuous video, at the highest resolution.	
Battery doesn't charge fully, last about 12-13 hours, then I need to plug it in.	
overall a good phone	
Cute, But...... Where's the dragon?.	
No worries.	
I bought the bose on-ear headphones instead and even though they are wired, they sound absolutely fantastic.	
This is the best prepaid deal by far, you won't be dissapointed.	
Everybody I speak to says they hear me fine and I can hear my calls as well.	
I ended up getting it from another supplier in Japan at a reasonably price.	
I have had this phone for a year, and I cannot stand it!	
Does not work with iphone 3gs.	
The second case was identical to the first one (it didn't fit either).	
It has a smooth feel that may surpass that of a regular iPod.It's important to reiterate	
I purchased this cellphone case 18 months ago to protect my Sanyo 7050 rugged-duty cellphone.	
It measures up to the other Jabra products that I've used in the past.	
Another dissapointment!.	
Dock doesn't work as a charger for my phone.	
I still don't like the fact that it is so big, but I will accept it because everything else is good.	
Nice Phone.	
Within the last month, both of them developed the same problem - the video screen stopped working.	
I tend to be hard on electronics and figure it is because I keep it in my pocket.	
They say it sounds as though I was standing under the flight path of a jumbo jet during landing or takeoff.	
You get what you pay for.. I use this headset with my office phone and my cell phone and I could not be happier.	
The case was in a padded envelope shipped via the USPS and only took a handful of days to arrive.P.S.	
I have friends with the Treo 650 that use the Cardo 500 model and it works fine.	
I've had mine in use for about a month now, and within that month talk time has dropped from about 7 hours to less than 2.	
I am a business user who wanted to combine my HP IPAQ 1945 and my Motorola V550 Cell phone into one device.	
Not a real OEM battery.	
no problems after two months.	
IT sucks,they call it a charger for creative zen micro but it doesn't actually CHARGE your zen micro.	
Do not buy this.	
I was able to set up all the major features without it.	
nothing but problems.	
Finally, Cingular has removed the ability to set message tones.	
amazon tmobile package.	
the sound is flat!	
Great Product, Great Price.	
The cost is only $29.95 a month for full wireless internet.	
I've tried expensive, I've tried cheap, I've tried middle of the road.	
Memory goes up quick, it is not even loud, it does not have soft key buttons.	
This Bluetooth makes me blue!.	
I know that originally it came up as a charger for the lifedrive, but it doesn't say that on anything I'm seeing now.	
The pictures that I have shot are stunning.	
It would worked sometimes,but most of the time it was choppy and very irritating.	
Never Received Them.	
The case is big and bulky.	
The tech support people have told me before they know it has inferior service.	
Works like a charm and very satisified.	
The skin is very useful, but can be improved on ways to put it on and take it off.	
The belt clip is tight and has not fallen off my belt.	
Do not buy this item.	
Fine for the price.. This was my first BT headset.	
I'm running W2K SP4 with all updates.I don't have a problem with my usb ports or my phones; both of which are the same model.	
Even that is no big deal, as the worst thing that can happen is you will only get about 1 weeks worth of usage before needing to charge.	
The Ringer ID and Pic ID is great.	
I need to charge the battery every night just in case it won't shut off during the middle of tomorrow.Recommendation	
but I'd rather just have my phone in my pocket or near me anyways.	
hands free heaven.	
Great, functional, affordable fun, but...... The Samsung M500 phone is an amazing phone.	
Too frustrating.Obviously (from reading the reviews) it loads more easily on some other pocket devices.	
On the other hand, I'm glad the velcro holds on tight.	
What did warrant the 1 star rating was the sound quality of the phone.	
No eye strain.	
no good 4 me.	
I do not recommend.	
The on/off button on the mike rattles audibly.	
Very Nice Keyboard.	
I have not permanently installed this product yet and am hoping it will work even better when antenna is mounted outside.	
hi, greeting I made my purchase from Tegucigalpa Honduras, and the delivery was for MARYLAN, 20912 M.D.	
However, if you buy this phone through Cingular in the U.S., you're limited to the 128 MB card and only up to 100 songs on your iTunes.	
It was too much work and money to send it back.	
If your noggin is something comparable to that of an eighth-grader, perhaps this is the perfect headset for you.	
Not the quality I expected.. I have the same pouch that I purchased directly from Motorola and the quality is a heck of a lot better.	
I ordered this for my VX8100 and it does not work on that product as promised.	
Thumbs up for this product!!!!!	
Hands Free Unit re Quallcom 2700 phone.	
I was very happy with my purchase.	
Pitiful power.	
What ever you do, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!	
dissapointing.... we picked up 2. our prior phones were an older treo & another samsung flip type phone.	
Charge lasts longer than origional due to following instructions of vendor.	
Just got it and like it so far.. I just bought this from bestbuy (they price matched Target's price of $59.	
I've only had this for a few days, but so far the battery life seems great as well.	
You won't know this until they tell you... Amazon replaced that one for me, yet, unfortunately, the replacement is just as bad.	
Often I forget I have it on, except for the strange looks and comments from people.	
I discovered post after post of this same problem and the tech had no answer that corrects it.	
I didn't want anything going in my ear since I've tried those before with poor results.	
I like this phone-- it doesn't get hot like my old dinosaur did.	
Bottom line -- don't bother.	
Can not beat it for the price.	
Does not protect the top corners.	
I followed the directions properly.	
A great idea.	
You need this.	
4th Pink RAZR (Verizon Wireless).	
Love this headset.	
Battery does not hold a charge.	
The package came as expected, it was nicely packaged, and it was a new Jawbone.	
It is NOT a USB cable, as I was led to believe when I bought this to replace my original one that got bent.	
I have now had two of these devices.	
Bought the Sony Ericsson GC89 wireless card one year ago.	
not very good.	
This beautiful-looking pouch will pop open if you jog a step or two while crossing the street.	
!Works great as a stereo listening headset...	
I recommend the T-Mobile version however because the rate plans are much better at about half what Cingular charges.	
My only complaint would be the cost for shipping.	
The 600mAh version rapidly discharges (dies) during conversations and soon looses the ability to hold a charge.	
Walls have not presented a problem so far.The dual batteries are a WONDERFUL idea.	
Am very disappointed.	
OEM Batteries are junk.	
People with smaller earlobes could have a problem.	
Great phone.	
don't know if the phone was defective or what, but it was no good for me.	
The volume control doesn't work when you are in the main menu(the initial display screen).	
This came broken out of the bag.	
Good Instrument !.	
Good As New!.	
And the worst feature is a camera button on the side that can not be disabled.	
The other person can not ear my voice, too much noise...This headphone replaced a HDW-3 and it was very good, but there is no more.	
Charged it overnight.	
Reception is poor3.	
The other problem along with the caller-ID thing is that it seems Sprint has a problem with a ticking sound during calls?	
I've owned three of these bad boys in the last six months.	
Otherwise, static.	
No adjustments...and it was perfect!	
It supports m4a, mp3 and aac formats(and a few other formats)6.	
Blackberry owners for one should get this charger since the large screen and constant data connection can drain your battery quickly.	
If you can live with this then this is the right headset for you, if not then steer clear!	
I called to complain and was faced with a $240 bill.	
I have control of the phone numbers he or she can call and receive.	
i've been due for an upgrade for quite awhile now and i just cant part with this phone.	
It's sturdy and has lots of features.	
Get a new earpiece or take the one in the package and you are set.	
The phone sometimes has the signal drop to zero bars and then a few seconds later come back to 5 bars.	
I didn't see any problem.	
Or a least a great fan of their products!	
If your income is as limited as mine, don't waste good money on this cheap knock-off.	
The earbuds are poorly designed and no matter what I do they fall off within a few seconds.	
The phone freezes and just shuts itself off.	
So far I'm pretry impressed with this unit.	
They still can NOT activate my phone.	
nice product.	
I wont order online again.MOTOROLA OEM BR50 RAZR V3 V3a V3c V3g V3i V3m BATTERYMOTOROLA OEM BR50 RAZR V3 V3a V3c V3g V3i V3m BATTERY	
Easy to find a replacement battery for my older phone.	
It is not supported !!	
But that is no problem as the CD has a readme file which gives you the website to download the software that is necessary for the cable.	
However, I wish I could pair this headset with more than one device at a time.	
I love the wireless aspect of these headphones and the quality of sound is great.	
Every other opening however has plenty of space; The S pen slot, headphones, noise canceling mic, mic, camera, speaker all have plenty of space.	
I'd definately recommend it if you have an E815.	
Look for a hack on the Web to use the USB cord to connect this as a wireless modem to your laptop as Bluetooth is locked to the headset use only.	
This keyboard is great.	
The Blackjack is very cute and slim.	
(Possibly because it was a reconditioned phone?)	
There are obviously pluses and minuses to each approach.The Jabra is more bulky then the iCombi.	
Either way, the clip works for me as long as I don't lower the visor.	
It's Fussy.	
I replaced it with another bluetooth, because I couldn't take it anymore.	
I would not recommend the phone or Verizon to anyone!	
15 days ago I found out a 3 inch scratch on my HDTV LCD Sharp Aquos done by the woman that cleans my apartment.	
I have to put the base next to the headset to get decent sounds.	
The phone and phone functions are great but after having the phone for 3-4 months the phone will no longer charge.	
Plantronincs apparently cannot get it through their heads that the Discovery 640 series charger design is irreparably flawed.	
My old Samsung lasted 2 1/2 years.	
Bought this to transfer the pictures over from my old phone to my computer but it doesn't work on either a mac or pc.	
After downloading my info into the phone I started getting "low memory" warnings.	
The Sonnet battery is completely lifeless.	
But I am writing this review to let you know that you need not be stuck!	
BEST CELL EARPIECE YET.	
Fits well, makes the phone less slippery.	
I get over 1 week of battery life out of a single charge - that includes talking on the phone every day.	
When the unit's power gets low, the side light blinks...after the charge it will last for hours.	
this phone tomorrow @ Target for $99.99!SO EXCITED!	
NOT FOR BLACKBERRY !!!!!.	
This phone pretty much has everything you could ask regarding fetures.	
Not OEM Quality.	
I was surprised, it was inexpensive (approx $7) and constructed well.	
IF LOOKING FOR DURABILITY..THIS IS NOT THE PHONE FOR YOU!!.	
I have been waiting for this phone for over a year.	
Also great battery life.	
This adapter performs exactly as adverstised	
I purchased two of this item one came with a 7 amp charger the other one did notDO NOT BUY YOU WILL NOT KNOW WHAT YOU WILL GET!!!!!	
Unreliable minikit.	
works great!.	
I would definately recommend this phone	
I gave a few more hours and also tried to charge it in my treo 650 with a different charger - still nothing.	
Plus the packages had been opened and all music cds were removed.	
All in all, this is an excellent, albeit pricey, phone.	
They just don't work well, are slow, and crash all the time.	
There was no mention of this limitation on the package.	
The Chocolate only has one.	
Pretty useless.	
This headset did allow me to hear conversations marginally well, but the person on the other end was unable to hear me.	
You cannot roam using one of these pre-paid babies, subsequently if you are only slightly off the beaten track, you are S.O.L.Here's my example	
It's also nice to have the vehicle charger (though I already had one) and the wall charger (ditto).	
I bought this product to fix the scratches on my cell phone.	
I've owned a Tracfone for 3 years.	
I love this case!	
By the end of the next day I'll notice my battery is half down, so I'll HAVE TO charge it every night.	
This phone is soooo easy to carry...even in my front pocket.	
Smudges and scratches are all you notice plus not easy to see In bright conditions	
This phone could be considered a classic.	
I am "GETTING OUT NOW" and exercising my right to cancel within the allotted 15 days.	
A decent mobile for a price you pay.	
It doesn't work.	
It's advertised as a 33 foot range, 2to3 foot is more like it.	
Still using.	
the AC adapter also died suddenly.	
Sometimes it won't turn off no matter how many times you press the "off" switch.	
I was very surprised with the quality of the charger being that is was only $.01.	
They are pretty easy to use when you are not wearing gloves.	
But be wary!	
So, I conclude that it is definitely the headset.I tried calling different people on different times of the day.	
I give them zero stars!	
Recomended.	
One of these times it is going to pop off and I won't notice in time and wind up losing my phone.	
nothing better than this.	
The phone rings, and I push the "answer" button on the headset.	
I wouldn't trade it for anything.	
I'm happy with the unit.	
That, and the alarm feature.	
With a little tweaking i worked out it's earpeice volume problems.	
It seems reasonably sturdy, but I don't think it would hold up well to being sat on.	
I've used it with devices ranging from older Windows Mobile to an iPad, without a problem and literally for years.	
if I could I would take it back and get anything else	
This charger is a cheap piece of worthless junk.	
The volume could stand to be a little louder.	
Materially Different.	
I've only had it about a month or so.	
Very useful with 2 standard and 2 USB outlets.	
The range is more then enough and allows me to move freely within the office and other ares.	
I have experienced none of the problems indicated by the previous reviewer.	
I was surprised on the first day to see the iPod shut down halfway through the first class with a drained battery.	
this phone is great.	
that the 551 doesn't.	
Then I realized I'd left all these finger prints on the phone trying to get the case on.	
This problem could possibly be exclusive to the BLACK version of the case.	
Frankly it really wouldn't even be worth it if it were free.	
I was e-mailed by the costumer service rep, offering me a free Bluetooth headset.	
I can't give this phone 5 stars yet because I have yet to use it, but 1st impressions are great.	
Now we can have the best of both worlds at our computer.	
This is a super item at a great price and delivery was speedy.	
I don't because I am only 13.	
I had an old motorola S9 that I used and loved forever, with none of these sound problems.	
Bit expensive compared to other options in the market but worth every single peny.	
I am better off with the original Nokia battery which will hold charge for at least 24 hrs.	
I love this cause I can have the windows down in the car and still hear the other person and they can hear me great they say.	
An A680 using the extended life battery, which is thicker than the normal battery, will not fit in this holder.	
Otherwise it's nice.	
I had Motorola phones up until this point and was very satisfied with my cell phone carrier and the phones I had.	
I'd suggest you stay away from this one...I'm done with it.	
(Time spent that will never return...) The REP.	
I got about 6 months use out of this.	
More bothersome, is that the non-Motorola headsets periodically disconnect from the phone.	
Just hope your phone never quits working.	
i have had wireless phones for 10 years and have never damaged one, two hinges in 3 months gave out on me with this horrible hinge design.	
The flap with the magnet is a little stiff when I want to pull out my phone, but I like that it is pretty secure.	
Yup, it works.	
Overall the RAZR is a huge dissapointment.	
Hum, if it happened the same way twice, then it probably was not a defect but something I was doing wrong.	
It all worked out because the delivery time was pleasantly short and it's a value-for-money offer!	
Just like original.	
But if you are looking for a PDA/smartphone with the compact size and functionality of a normal cellphone you might want the Samsung.	
the phone never worked!!!.	
I'm still sorting through some of the more humorous sections such as "Your WAP browser," "PUK codes," and "Potentially explosive atmospheres."	
Excellent phone, horrible Amazon, terrible Cingular.	
I usually don't write reviews but this one deserves it.	
games are faster.	
So I experimented with them for a few days and figured it out.	
Make sure to lock the keypad when you aren't using the phone.	
Small but effective !!.	
But hey, it looks cool even though 2 cans and a string are more effective.	
Based on some research, I believe this is due to cingulars software......	
Picky Software.	
I like to wear this phone on my belt in a holster, however, that is too far away for the H700.	
I give this head set 2 thumbs up.	
So I contacted Plaintronics for repair.	
Any amount of moisture will cause it to stop working, and it ALWAYS has at least 1 bar less service than my friends' phones with Cingular.	
Just throw your money out the window now, it'll save time.	
Next complaint is not being able to hear anything that does make it through the speaker.	
Snaps onto my husband's razr and keeps it from getting scratched.	
I bought this when I got my Razr last year and at first it worked okay.	
It also made it very hard to see the graphics, even in the spots without air pockets.	
Really bad.	
Range is not far at all but it is very comfortable and the reception and call quality is far better than expected.	
I purchased the--P002 	
Works fine, much better than Verizon's $39!.	
Would not buy from this company again.	
Cell Phone reception booster.	
It is very small, lightweight, and easy to set up and use.	
Great but doesn't fit!.	
Good stuff.	
Okay for the price.	
Amazon was very helpful when I reported the problem and I got a full refund after I returned the headphone.	
Do NOT buy this phone!	
The phone displays an incompatible charger message when plugged in.	
Terrible Clip.	
If you hate using the touch screens, get this phone!	
This headset is the best that I've owned(this is the 5th bluetooth I've owned).	
When I contacted the seller about my defective USB charger, they wanted me to pay to ship it back.	
Trying to make my husband's old phone last, I ordered two of these chargers.	
It's one of the few phones that is Wi-Fi capable.	
I did originally want one with a belt loop option, but the belt clip has been perfect, and actually, quite sensible.	
*does not feel secure on my ear and is a real pain to put on.	
So far so good...I really do like this phone when it's working.	
Low quality control from the seller.	
Okay, that's an exaggeration, I can hear, the connection is solid and there's no static, but the volume doesn't get loud enough for me.	
Have gone downhill.	
The only complaint I have is that NONE of the current soft or hard cases/covers work with the phone.	
This little gadget works great.	
So far, I am pleased with this headpiece.	
Don't bother buying.	
Even on the least canceling setting, people on the other end of the line complained that I was hard to hear.	
It should be at least .9 amp, this one reads .5 amp.But you get what you pay for.	
You can hear people fine, but they cannot hear you.	
Outstanding product.	
Of course driving a convertible means I don't often use it in the car anyway, so background noise isn't a huge issue, unless it's windy out.	
This is the best phone to buy today.(...)	
My second complaint is that I lose signal very suddenly, going from having a full spectrum of reception to zilch.	
What a waste of $$$$....	
For example, I had the voicemail problem, but kept tinkering until I found the place to input the voice mail number.	
The clarity is good.	
I installed a Bible on mine; so using it for book reading is good too.	
Not Long Enough.	
I would advise strongly against this phone.	
I decided to get a bluetooth, Plantronics Discovery 550 which sounds great with this phone.	
I was looking for it to show how much time was left for charging, but it's just a counter.	
I tried another phone VX3200 LG, and the cable would not recognise it either.	
Everything else was above par.	
It is larger (thicker I should say) than my original one that came with the phone but not too large that it's a problem.	
My only complaints so far would be that the top buttons are too close together and hard to push without pushing another one.	
Cell Phone Batteries.	
Very disappointed.	
"I can certanly live with that.	
The buttons are easy to press, easy to remember, and easy to see.	
Her old phone was a chore to say the least!	
quality product.	
Sound quality is great too.	
Don't waste your money.	
Works like it's described and looks like.	
sound is great but it keeps falling apart.	
It's not worth getting an exchange or refund because you don't get reimbursed for the original shipping or the return shipping.	
I am returning this item because it does not feel secure on my ear.	
I doubt any 2 customized N75 will look alike.For me to go back to a Motorola phone, they would have to make a new OS from scratch.	
The product arrived okay but the first and only time that it was used, the phone got hot and now the battery won't keep a charge very long.	
Sprint replaced it with another RL-7300, and after 2 months the second phone stopped working in the exact same way.	
In my opinion Plantronics needs to hire a new product designer.	
The Treo slides in and out with ease.	
Both the multi-function button and volume control are easy to use.	
It is very nice, light weight and good speech quality.	
I have debated which of the bluetooth car kitsw I was going to get.	
So, I guess the options are not download things, but have the phone work, or download things onto my SD card, and not have a phone?	
Works like a charm.	
This is my first bluetooth headset and I am now a convert!	
DO NOT BUY.	
You Can Do Better Than This Phone.	
DO NOT USE THIS SUPPLIER!!	
Considering it is a phone and not a 5 mega pixel digital camera, I feel that the camera is pretty good.	
You really need a strong signal.Other than that I love my phone, I strongly recommend.	
However, the Cingular service has been horrible!	
I wanted to give up lugging my laptop around, so I got a PDA and this bluetooth keyboard.	
My original Verizon speaker headphone broke so I needed a new one.	
Plus, the camera doesn't take video.- No MP3 player.THE GOOD:- Free!	
It is the best in sound, fit to ear and essential accessories.	
The new one snapped on easily, and it looks great.	
Call quality and device function is quite satisfactory.	
It DOES have internet capabilities!	
I don't like worrying if this one will fall off my face.	
The quality of the sound is great.	
Does the job.. I've seen others for a higher price but this is a good product.	
The games one can buy are better than ones on the 610/616.	
After all, the description did say 3.6 hours of talk time.	
Great Product.	
I have missed umpteen important calls not knowing my phone had powered off without any warning.2.	
This is a nice compact case, but it is a tad difficult to wrap the cord around inside and get the plug to fit snugly.	
We did purchase these phones when we switched carriers, so perhaps that is the problem.	
It's A Genuine Nokia Battery.	
Works like a charm.	
Multiple eartips were included with the device to allow for better fitting.	
I have contacted customer support on a few occassions, and no one has given me any direction as to where to find a simple ring.	
Wrong intended item sent.	
We have had them before and they were wonderful and did the job but these do nothing and we are out the money for 2 of them.	
Iused to have an m515 from palm as well as a nokia cellphone and the consolidation of pda to cellphone was a great thing Palm did.	
NO response.	
The other day the belt clip broke off and I needed a replacement.	
Would do business with them again!	
Since there is no neoprene edge, the plastic cracks and tears, and then tears some more.	
I was also told my ONLY option was to buy a whole new bluetooth !	
The speaker produces more of a computer generated voice than most people will be use to or will like.	
The max volume could be a little louder overall but the volume is fine as is.	
El material es lo suficientemente grueso para protegerlo y a la ves no le da m&aacute;s volumen al tel&eacute;fono.	
i ended up using my ipod headphones.overall, a pretty good phone.	
She does not need a lot of minutes and it is a way to break her into the wireless world.	
It is very sturdy, and the price is right.	
I hated having to constantly clean the touch screen and this screen protector really prevents fingerprints as promised.	
Save your money.	
Within two seconds after I would insert the cassette adapter, the car's tape deck would eject the adapter.	
If you have trouble, call the seller and they will replace quickly.	
This is one of the most comfortable headsets I have ever worn.	
Its the sellers misadvertisement therefore he/she pays for the shipping back.	
When it dies, you can't turn it on, you can't even charge it.	
This product didn't work at all.	
Basically, you just press in the button and tap on the screen = instant right-click.	
I have to charge it twice a day.	
The speaker phone is tinny, and interupts incoming audio if there is the slightest noise entering your mic.	
If you do not have a firewire port on your computer, DO NOT buy this item!	
This gold razr is cool looking, but looks too much like some kiddy prize or something and the paint is sure to wear off!	
It worked more poorly than the battery that I was replacing!	
Old model cell phone, and no local stores carried my model charger any longer.	
the Noizefree helps me with cell phone calls and enables me to listen to music.	
But the bigger problem, is that there is a software bug in the current version of the e315 phone which I'm sure will be fixed in a later version.	
Otherwise, run-- do not walk-- to another product.	
I think the problem is with the speed dial option they have.I strongly advise not to buy this phone if they are not in any suicidal mission!	
Only reason I bought this phone is that it had a camera.	
I finally got it to work with help.	
I've been using it for a week now and it has completely changed my attitude towards my cell phone (which I used to hate).	
I would highly recommend this cell phone carrier case.	
The Pacific Blue Faceplate is one of my favorites and I can match it to many other items I have for school.	
LG Cell Phone car charger.	
I also get the question asking how far away from the phone are you?"""	
Good replacement.	
Works great, just as advertised!	
Now I guess I'm looking at a return shipping and restocking fee for the pleasure of doing business.	
Dont purchase this item... It's not worth to listen Mp3.	
The only thing I really like is the fact that it is very light and comfortable.	
I bought it to use with my Treo 650.	
motorola h500 easy to use.	
I can't change the options of one of the email accounts I created and can't delete it.	
All of the whiz-bang gadgets are useless if the item won't even preform it's main duty of being a phone.	
Do you need it?	
ALL THE WORDS ARE CHINESE!!	
You have to set the alarm every night and the commands are extremely slow.	
duh.summary:pros:*lightweight*comfortable*got a good price on ebay ($42 shipped for new)*easy to usecons:*range, range, range!	
This is a great product.	
The first thing I did was to put in the SIM card and battery and plugged in the charger.	
2nd one was just as bad.	
If I wanted to exchange for a new headset, who's going to pay for shipping?	
With my Verizon cell phone, I get 1-2 bars outside my house.	
With other models, I have been disappointed with my ability to hear, especially in loud or outdoor environments.	
They shipped without waiting for earlier adaptor to come back.	
With the first one, the wires separated from the plug which is unrepairable.	
I purchased a "new" Motorola Razr V3 battery from Eforcity.	
Also, they have no idea if the right item will ever be in stock.	
On the Nokia, I can talk for a good 4-5 hours before the battery dies out.	
This saves me a total of more than $40!	
i got my razr because my other phone broke, for free.	
)Cingular- 3/5 okay, not the greatestSprint- 5/5 (Good service, good phones, good deals)TMobile- 0/5 NEVER AGAIN.	
The back cover was scuffed all over from the road and cracked in a couple places.	
Surprisingly all users including me are quiet.Please don't ever buy these headphones.That said, the sound quality is OK.	
The clip on is strong and securely stays on any of my belts.	
With the DSP technology and Audio IQ I expected this headset to be better than my 645, while it ended up being much worse.	
How manly are you?.	
I end up just taking it out and just speak using a handset.	
Adorable, but doesn't fit well.	
The search was easy and then the value was something that you just can not pass up.	
After plugging it in, I made my first call - to my wife again.	
Sometimes answering a call causes the speaker phone in the phone to activate.	
They had difficulty hearing me.	
I also liked that both units are small.	
Does what it is supposed to.	
Said 1 thing did another.	
is enough of a drumbeat in our culture without having my phone do it too.It does seem to have features you can use while on the phone, which is cool.	
Too bad Apple decided to forget it was a phone first.	
Non intuitive menus.	
I've read every potentially related article in their "knowledge base".	
This is my second headset I have bought.	
I called Motorola and they replaced it but the same thing happened.	
Great internet browser.	
Prevent your headphones from breaking.	
I would also start up the phone part which worked fine, and then start up the music.	
is the worst investment I ever have made.	
The bud is too small to sit securely in my ear, but too large to fit into my ear canal.	
Works fine with TEN Technology naviPlay Bluetooth Stereo Adapter for iPod.	
Yes, I followed the instruction manual each time I re-paired it.	
Volume buttons allow for a lot of leeway in the setting.	
It was reversible so it could be used on either ear but didn't stay on well.	
After several tries I finally found an earpiece that not only fits my ear (I have small ears) but works with my Samsung phone!	
What I don't like is it's too bulky, and the power button is hard to press.	
You can open the back cover and take pictures, amazing.	
Perhaps LCD has burnt out.	
Dont waste ur money at walmart or target.	
Great product--works on nano 5 generation.	
I ordered a new battery, not used.	
Mine broke in my coat pocket when I felt to see if it was there.	
My folks claim to hear my loud and clear.	
This crappy case broke within 3 weeks of use.	
I like the size as well as the weight and balance and the overall quality.	
This is disappointing.	
The battery arrived quickly but when I put it into my battery charger, the battery wouldn't seat.	
The "S" style on the back of the case looks great too.	
This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again.	
The clip is spring-loaded and the spring is heavy enough that it simply can't come off, even when you're running to cardiac arrests.	
I've always felt that the 'clip around the top of the ear' headsets were going to fall off my head.	
And the noise-cancelling boom?	
in the time it took me to leave my house and drive halfway to school the gears inside had dismantled.	
I certainly wouldn't want to be charged an extra $14.99 for 20 minutes that I don't need in the first place.	
Seems like everywhere you click in the menus, they are trying to suck more money out of you.	
I was unable to locate a data cable locally and was happy to find one on Amazon, even though it was only available through a third party.	
This one is pretty bad.	
I felt I had to barely hang it on my ear to get the speaker low enough to be able to hear the caller.	
I had been wanting to get it for the longest time, and I'm glad I did.	
Very Poor signal.	
I obtained a brand new Jabra Earbud and it had the identical problem.	
Excellent Replacement Battery.	
SHOW YOUR AGGIE PRIDE !!!	
Wow, This is a 5 star Item.	
The battery life seems to be ok.	
This case is excellent for carrying the phone in your purse or bag, because it takes up little more space than the phone.	
The first pair stopped working because of the break and Logitech did send me a replacement pretty quick.	
It arrived just as described and worked correctly.	
If you compare to similar price-point phones, this one is a very good value.	
It was just under $6.00 shipped.	
The leather lasts a while, and so does the velcro strap.	
And certainly don't count on it as a remote storage device.	
I didn't plan to use this very often, maybe in my car or if on one of those long catchup calls, but let me tell you, it's even great while shopping.	
T-Mobile Sucks!.	
I have since purchased a Jabra that works much better.	
Bottom line is the shipper "A1 Accessories" shows that they will sell you this one, but they sell you whatever they have laying around.	
I have not been able to get anyone from Amazon to return my e-mail or help resolve the problem either.	
Disappointment.	
Hard to figure out.	
Works as orignal.	
Works well.	
They are strange looking and a little too intimate.	
i am currently in the market for another headset.	
The seller should subtract certain models that don't work.	
SE CONTECTA A CUALQUIER SALIDA DE AUX.JUAN FRANCISCO CARCAMOEL SALVADOR, CENTRO AMERICA	
Some bugs need to be worked out.	
Very difficult to put on especially wearing glasses......did not really fit around my ear.	
These may be fine.	
Are there better ones out there?	
Both were excellent choices.	
It has one major flaw, NO MUTE button and no way to program the multi-function button to have that function.	
Must be a big company because the service was not personal at all and there was no phone number to call.	
Great phone!.	
Textured or rubberized plastic would help.	
Its small, sleek, and stylish with all the amenities I could ask for in a phone, plus some.	
I am very happy to purchase this headset.	
This product performed as advertised and I recommend it.	
Nice and Loud.	
the cover is a joke.	
I could hear VERY clearly and the ear phones sit securely on my ears.	
Motorola would have done better to eliminate some of the bells and whistles and instead make certain the phone functions to make & receive calls.	
Don't even think you'll memorize the keys because you won't trust me!	
I believe if I write another review after this battery finally need replacing too, I will express that it gave good service too.	
I reccomend that you get this phone.	
They paired with the phone and the gateway in a minute or less.You DO have to be careful to keep the ear pads screwed on tightly.	
Based on the value and the options available, I would purchase again.	
Good volume, good featres.	
Works Perfect!.	
An unexpected bonus is that it provides a layerbetween your hand and the volume control so that you are no longerlikely to accidentally activate it.	
Which is no colors expect black font and blue backaround.	
Sound was excellent once I stopped putting the phone in my back pocket.	
The clip itself is sturdy buy I find that it does not open as far as I'd like it to.	
At times I have to reconnect them but it's no problem.	
I asked for supervisors and only got one on my third request.	
I am glad i did a bit of research on different websites like howardforums and xda-developers and found tons of useful info about the MDA.	
Occassionally, the clip breaks, that's why I ordered 6 this time.	
I purchased the item for my 8125.	
Constant Pairing.	
Its extremely flimsy and your phone will not stay in place.	
I don't know how many calls i missed with this phone bacause ringer sound is so low.	
change your ring tone from time to time, don't bother with this phone.I paid $18 for this phone.	
this case fit my Treo 700P nicely, i actually got the purple color.	
It's a lot thicker, but it has a slide-out keyboard with much bigger keys, plus a stylus/touchscreen and the PocketPC features.	
They have great sound, they offer wonderful voice quality on calls and the ear buds are so comfy!	
Poor Microphone Quality.	
Will pick up a couple more for the other 2 phones when their batteries give out.	
The screen quality is gorgeous and sharp, but the camera gets drowned out by any nearby artificial light source - works fine in sunshine though.	
I talk on the phone a LOT and this would generally last the day...just like every other Motorola battery.	
I would recommend this product.	
Great product.	
Great Stuff!!.	
Can read emails, but no way to respond.	
It physically can not be inserted into the phone.	
Maybe I torqued it too much when I removed the phone each time.	
I like the FM radio &amp; MP3 features, but they come with massive flaws.	
After about an hour of talking, it needs to be charged.	
However, remembering what turns it on, what starts/pauses, what pairs, what starts a call, etc., was harder to remember.	
I was very happy with it until it went dead, having used it for less than 45 days.	
if I had an issue like that.	
Cool phone with minor drawbacks.	
But, the Bluetooth connection to my Motorola Razr phone was spotty at best.	
Just attach this little recorder, and start talking into it, or recording your lecture at school.	
It took me a while to figure out why it was not connecting (needs Windows OS).	
Definitely stands out and turned out to be a great accent in my custom truck!	
It's only a matter of time.	
If you need a new battery, look no further.	
Only fault I can say is a button broke off, didn't stop the functionality of it though.	
Broke the first time I used it.. Broke the first time I used it.	
This phone went to Europe with me on my vacation and performed without any flaws.	
It's a nice phone, but it's not really that great.	
I use my phone for business and I always have to carry an extra battery pack in my bag.The external camera button is badly situated.	
Good value.	
WARNING AGAINST NEXTEL.	
.the microphone needs to be much closer to my mouth than was possible .	
That said, if you don't need to open the flap to plug in a headset ... then don't because the flap will likely never close properly again.	
There is a slight delay between the phone ring and the headset but that is quite acceptable.	
Pretty much a waste of money.	
this is not compatible with most phones - i thought it would have universal plug but it does not :-(	
Don't waste your time or money on this junk.	
I cant take the stylus out every time if I have to use it.	
Save all your packaging and be prepared to return the product.1) Here is how you can test the product (without doing any technical work).	
Just like the ones you would pay $40 or $50 dollars for elsewhere.	
This was a great gift and it was inexspensive.	
There is no speakerphone on the T610 or T616.	
I knew that there may be a chance, since I'm a small person (5 ft.).	
The help always referrer to the Administrator or to the manual!	
MY SUGGESTION IS THIS	
I especially like the ability to use a regular size phone in the home as it's just easier to talk over.	
Hands-free can re-dial and answer and end calls.	
decent for the price.	
They seem to work pretty well, sound is good.	
The cassette kept getting spit out.	
DON"T. If you enjoy mind numbingly tedious work with no hope of a satisfactory result; then by all means order these.	
Worked with 4 different carriers in 2 different countries.	
The sound quality ranges from acceptable to excellent for all my headsets on the other phone.. they only suck when used with the TREO.	
I would recommend a better solution if you're like me and need to keep your BB out of your pocket.	
Not too hot.... Picked this up after all of the reviews, but everyone says I sound far away.	
I have never seen a phone so loud ever.	
It is well built and should last for a long time.	
Charger, car charger, case - all OEM.	
Save your money and opt for the Body Glove neoprene case with belt clip !	
I am using this headset with a AT&T; 8525 cell phone.	
Both the mic and speakers are remarkable good considering the size of the device.	
I tried to make it work, maybe recharging it after each use, but it would work at first, maybe an hour, and then it became chopping again.	
I thought that I'd have to get a new one and lose all the songs I had on it until I stumbled upon Sonnett's replacement batteries.	
i am in 8th grade and the only one in my school with a razr.	
The Desktop software has pour logic and usually makes what is not expected.	
I was in the middle of important conversation and battery died many times.	
I think i might upgrade but im not sure if you have to sign up for a new contract.	
You get what you pay for.... I would give this product NO STARS at all but the minimum was 1 star.	
Also the SIM card would "pop" out of it's place which would cause me too loose service randomly.	
I am told this is why the voice dialing is audible thru the BT and handset speakers simultaneously.That's my experience so far.	
great phone, no problems yet, i have had it for a month now.	
Keeping my headset like new.	
On a recent trip to Europe, the unit malfunctioned and I was forced to purchase services ordinarily paid for with T-Mobile.	
Only for audio.	
It works great.	
This a a good product for the money.	
I will NEVER buy another LG	
There are of course some drawbacks but it's a do it all machine and you have to pay the price that goes with that.	
Great tool for the Razr!.	
I read a few bad reviews for this product, much having to do with how it operated.	
Almost got my phone taken away at school many times.	
I finally switched with a friend so I could hear it myself, and understood how bad it really was.	
The home charger also does not lock into the phone but it does seem to work.	
For example, if you have protected yourself with a logon password, there's no way to get to your contact list when speaking on an incoming call.	
Sweet Phone w/ Wifi and Windows Mobile 6.	
I told him that when this phone was new I had bought an extra battery for it for fifteen dollars.	
I have had 2 Motorola phones and have had continuous problems with them.	
The memory card is mounted inside the phone on top of the battery, rather than in a slot on the side where it should be.	
So, I have to go through the pairing setup for each device.	
Husband loves it!.	
My only con would be that it uses expensive hearing aid button batteries (the automatic power off does indeed work well to extend battery life).	
The product arrived faster then stated and it was shipped in bubble wrap.	
Overall I would definately recommend the Plantronics Voyager 510 and I returned the HT700.	
Awful, awful phone.	
Not worth it.	
Good main charger.	
I was afraid I'd break the thing in half turning the volume up.Call quality is pretty good inside, no tunneling.Edit	
It would just flop around on my ear.	
don't buy old batteries.	
I just found a reputable non-branded cell phone store (privately owned, not T-Mobile, Cingular, etc.)	
My wife and I both purchased the BT350 on suggestion from a Verizon rep with our new phones.	
This cable does not fit my phone, nor does the software have anything to do with my phone.	
If they had indicated they were sending refurbished product I wouldn't have ordered it.	
I've actually had 3 of these (I lose things).	
I appreciated both items I bought.	
Battery does not last long, though.	
The only drawback is that it can slip out of the ear.	
Use the extended battery, throw away the standard one.	
It comes with the charger so I don't really understand what the bulk packaging statement means but it has everything it should.	
this is my second logitech set.	
works just fine.	
I am stuck until Aug 06 .	
Great phone.	
I've seen some knock-off faceplates that tried a leopard print, and failed.	
It is so lightweight that I hardly know it's on my ear.	
Product problems.	
Also the place where the SIM card goes is in a bad spot.	
The number keys are made of hard plastic, and "clicky."	
Just got my Case in the last week and I am loving the perfectly tailored fit and functionality.	
Some calls are louder than others, naturally.I'm not sure what more money gets you in a BT headset, but this one is fine for me.EDIT	
It's great.	
No problem switching between Left or Right ear.	
If you are looking to buy another motorola I would check to make sure that it doesnt have similar earpiece problems.	
As far as volume goes, it seems to depend on who I'm talking to--but it's definitely not the loudest phone out there.	
Functions well, decent sound quality, a lot easier to have a conversation than using the phone (Alias) itself.	
Tried going through tech support and because it wasn't under warranty, they couldn't help me :(.	
Surely if you are in a life and death situation and try to call from this phone, I assure you that it will surely let you down.	
But I also must stick with a HORRIBLE phone for 2 years!!!	
I have a treo 650 and have had several Palm devices prior to this one.	
I guess it won't work with some of the newer generation electronics.	
Sound quality was *ok* too.But for the most part, this is chocolate covered you-know-what!	
A friend of mine 1 week earlier signed up with and bought the Verizon/LG6000 camera phone.	
I would recommend this Item and this Seller to anyone/everyone.	
So I've sent them an email.The reset pin is fine and the stylus part seems OK too.	
A great all in one phone, mp3/video player, and camera.. 9/19/06 Update.	
Stay away from this awful piece of junk!	
It works on every other car but not the express which is my work van.	
Great battery life; have never had to charge it more than nightly (just my routine).I've had a half dozen of these; one came in bad NEW	
Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset.	
The button should be easier to press and should require as much pressure as it does.	
Also, I understand that there were no instructions included with the product.	
This is a good product.	
If you move around with the headset plugged in it loosens up!	
False advertisement.	
Good product.	
It will not take anything larger tho.	
Motorola HS850 Bluetooth.	
This is the worst earpiece I have ever had.	
Very good bluetooth.	
The sound speakers are situated on the backside of the phone and can be used conveniently even when the phone is upside down.	
These are definitely the best sounding in-ear style headsets I've tried.	
But daughter tossed packaging before she tried to use it.	
So happy I can listen to my ipod in my car.... I live outside of Chicago and the airwaves are very crowded with stations, but this still works great.	
It falls all the time.	
I am very impressed with this particular faceplate.	
But it works fine with it anyway.	
I recently purchased the HS850 since it came highly recommended but it turned out to be a disappointment.	
Back when I still had my BlackBerry Pearl I was in dire need of a case.	
Nokia BL-4C li-I0n Battey.	
Price was extremely reasonable and arrived very quickly.	
It will not allow you to be listening to music on your computer AND monitor for phone calls at the same time, its one or the other, not both.	
The battery has held up and continues to last for days.	
I work out for 2-3 hours, 5-6 days per week and I think this is causing the moisture to penetrate the electronics.	
Very Satisfied with Purchase.	
I was not happy about this because I use the left.	
This Bluetooth Headset Breaks Very Easily, Sound Quality is Average.	
Horrible Audio.	
i've owned almost every motorola, nokia and sony phone, and so far this one has been the best.	
The battery life is okay, not great.	
Unfortunately, I am now stuck in a cell phone contract for another year and a half with a phone which doesn't work majority of the places I am.	
Are you going to throw it in the drawer with all the other covers, headsets, batteries that didn't work?	
stylish but not functional.	
The size of the plug on car charger does not exactly match the connector on the phone.DO NOT BUY!	
If you want an expensive toy that doesn't work well as a phone, the RAZR is the one for you.2) don't buy wireless plans or products from cartoys.	
None of the &quot;special&quot; features are worth anything.	
Keeps falling apart.	
Not good enough, sorry.	
The sound is awesome, and I have had no problems at all with it.	
BlueAnt X3.	
Some of the reviews mentioned that the piece will go dead and wont charge after a month.	
You get a few of them, but the one I put on my phone immediately began to peel off already.	
I bought this USB cable for Cingular my LG CU500 but doesn't work with it.	
2400mAh give the extra juice required for the large screen.	
Both of them rave about the quality.	
Excellent product and will withstand all the elements its design to withstand.	
I wear glasses and this headset does not interfere with them at all.	
Now, 2 months later, all of a sudden, the voices on the receiving end are cutting out.	
I bought this phone because it was a cheap flip phone.	
I've had problems with every other blue tooth I've bought since then.	
This was exactly what I needed.	
I super glued it back on and covered the glue mess with black marker.I ran into someone at work and asked him about his.	
Good Choice!.	
Different carrier.	
I think that this is a great phone.	
Not loud enough.	
High price, cheap product.	
Unit depicted plugs into cigarette lighter and operates as a charger as well as a Hands Free phone accessory.	
It is easy to pair (paired with an LG phone, an XP based PC and a macbook) and simple to use.	
Yes, it is the damn camera button that everyone is talking about.	
All I need is 2-way communication...not a fancy picture taking baby changing cell phone.	
They looked quite similar.	
compact, nice LED to indicate its plugged in.	
Doing just about anything involves navigating menus, and there's no scroll wheel, so you can't do it one-handed	
My daughter was going to France.	
In all places, inside a store, next to the road with heavy traffic, inside a noisy bus and have been happy with the way it works.	
a very good buy!	
I don't know who thought that would be a good "one size fits all" design.	
The sound quality in the car is great.	
Downloading and transfering Java apps is spotty with a PC and just bad with a Mac.	
It was easy to connect this phone to my laptop to use as a modem.	
Nice price, and the case is very soft to the touch.	
The speaker phone and voice dial features are invaluable in the car or if you want to conduct a conference call.	
The H500 was always wobbling around on my ear and wouldn't stay put but the Jabra seems to stay where it is meant to be.	
Wrong Plug.	
I traded it in after dealing with a crappy LG7200 for a month.	
I've played with other cameraphones, and none of them had picture quality this bad.	
It didn't matter if I was close to the phone or far away.	
works but feel cheap.	
I purchased this phone to use on a trip to France.	
I bought this product to work with my laptop.	
Very frustrating experience.	
Free Minutes.	
This is an overpriced, under-engineered and generally inferior product.	
As an added benefit if I get a new phone I don't have to worry because this kit works with almost all Motorola phones.	
I bought 2 of them and battery lasts only 12 hours.	
overall, its a decent phone.	
We had found the magnetic type but just wouldn't hold up as well as the snap, phone would fall out or would hold on his belt.	
I decided to get a Bluetooth-capable phone so that I could use a headset without worring that the cord would get wrapped around something in my car.	
Attractive case.	
Appearence of the phone3.	
as far as the "high quality audio" what are they basing that claim on?	
Buyer Beware.	
Good deal overall.	
It is impossible to remove them.-Needs more ringtones as a standard feature.-NEEDS PICTURE CALLER ID!!!	
I dropped this phone (so hard) and yet it never broke.	
Don't buy from this company.	
Nope, this Bluetooth headset is performing worse than my old headset.	
I was thrilled.	
I found these to be horrible.	
I like the fit and finish.	
A former co-worker suggested the Sidekick II for another instrument for communication.	
The firmware update is a MUST!!!	
The worest cell phone I've ever used.. Be honest, my old Nokia 6210 works much better than this piece of junk.	
I like that it is small and easy to use.	
I am not sure why they wanted to add this feature since it uses up my power.	
It has 3 speakers.	
The reception has been great.	
Connector breaks easily, whole unit must be replaced.	
Come morning my phone battery hasn't even charged period.	
works great.	
Do NOT buy if your are not sure of compatability.	
Almost anywhere I don't get service, someone with Cingular, Verizon, or Sprint does.	
Buy a real one, its not worth the trouble, now I have to order a new one.	
Just don't expect it to be the great media player it's been advertised to be.	
The Nokia phones have no capability to transfer data in analog networks.	
After the purchase, however, I have fallen in love with my PDA.	
Also there is a way to turn it off before a call.Fitting - Could have been better but is not bad at all.	
Which was one important aspect for me in my research.	
Let's just say, I am still waiting.	
When I opened the package, I was very pleased with the quality, size and overall appereance of this headset.	
Have emailed them and now I get NO response from them.	
Not a problem!Price was right and fast shipping!	
I ordered the usb/car charger combo and I received the car charger along with a second car charger for some random phone that I do not own.	
I found the headset to be awkward in fit and comfort due to the majority of its mass sitting behind the ear.	
Not satisfied.	
Great Phone / Horrible Service provider.	
7 Replacement phones in 3 1/2 months.	
I bought this phone last April.	
I would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well.	
The next big problem is the screen contrast when the backlight is off.	
So far, I totally pleased with it.	
If you're in a quiet space, or in your car, they say they don't hear background noise.	
The battery life is very short compared to any other phone I have ever owned.	
I honestly have no complaints about this holster whatsoever.	
good buy, i doubt you will find anything that will work as well for the price anywhere else.	
Only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is that there is an occasional disconnect between it an my 755p.	
If you do use Outlook and would like to keep information on your handset, run away as fast as you can...	
All in all, I absolutely love this phone.	
If the other party heard me as well as I heard them, I would give this product five stars.	
Crystal clear sound on both ends.	
This is the 3rd headset I've tried for my Samsung A900.	
Bad transmission quality.	
I received the item in the time indicated and I love it.	
to explain which providers it was good for.	
This item is perfect as a stylish protective, slim cover.Awesome color selection.	
Only problem is I only have 1 car with a tape deck, and I never drive it.	
So if you want great value and an amazing product look into getting the WEP200 by Samsung.	
I've got a lot of music and videos on there and need some space.2.	
I just love this guy too!	
Many newer ones out with better things in them.	
Excellent Super PDA.. Pros:Fantastic Screen, Bright, Very Well Designed.	
One person was replacing it for the 3rd time, due to manufacturing defects.	
Bluetooth shuts off by itself.	
I got about 1.5 hrs of talk time out of the box and then slence.	
Sound quality is very good, but they don't exclude outside noise as well as I'd hoped.	
while these things are pretty cheap compared to other screen protectors, they are very cheaply made.	
The set does not come with any type of storage bag or case.	
I don't know why Eforcity is letting these go for such a cheap price, but I'm not complaining.	
Excellent turn-around from time of purchase to receiving product at my door!	
I noticed that when somebody calls me, I get "unknown call" on my cell phone display instead caller's phone number.	
Worst Bluetooth Headset Ever?.	
For the price you can't go wrong!	
AC charger is very short-lived.	
The battery is advertised as an extended battery, it is not.	
If You Want A Toy Get This, If You Want A Phone Stay Away.	
I got this case for the L2.	
This thing just doesn't work.	
The camera works well but its a phone camera and it has no flash so don't expect much.	
The i730 had Voice Signal which was accurate about 75-80% of the time.5.	
It is pure torture to wear.	
The vehicle requires that the car be stopped.	
Very happy with shippment process.	
I have a Jabra BT350 and love it.	
My daugher loves this one.	
Can get scratched easily.	
I've spent several hundred dollars in the past 3 years and almost gave up, when I saw the 510-USB rated as the "Laptop Ultimate Choice for 2007".	
Received it within a week.	
I always get through and most times have very little wait.	
version of the HD2 perfectly.	
After having a bluetooth for years and hardly using it, I found my self wanting a bluetooth I would want to use.	
The alarm is buggy - the snooze sometimes keeps going.	
I can hear much better than using the phone with out it.	
even if i have short nails, it wouldn't be any better.the large screen gets dirty easily too.	
Sony Ericsson W800i.	
I like several things about this phone.	
Best headset.	
but check the updates at the end!.	
It looks awesome and it's realy an eye catcher.	
This happens whether it's 3 feet away from to phone or 30.	
I tried to see if I could adjust it in any way so it would feel semi-secure, no luck.	
The XP did not recognize the driver.	
Value for the Money.	
When I brush up against anything the eargel flips out.	
So, Of course Im going to take it and be happy.	
Constantly cutting in and out.	
I switch between two different phones (the Motorola RAZR and the Nokia 8801) and it works great with both.	
I can transfer ring tones and pictures to and from my laptop wirelessly and use a wireless Bluetooth earpiece to make calls when I am driving.	
(Like maybe a 1/16th of a second delay or something like that.)	
whan they build it thay didnt think.	
I have had this for less then a day and the reception and distance are horrible compared to my Jabra Dog tag and the volume is not working at all.	
Camera takes good pics, but only has a 2X zoom on 1.3 MP and no zoom at all on the 2.0 MP setting.	
I should have just bought another H500.	
I was looking for something to hold my Voyager in the car.	
There's no volume scroll thing or anything, so you have to press the keypad during conversation to turn up the phone.	
It has an amazing art screensaver wallpaper that blows my mind.	
)K this Phone.....!.	
I was looking for a cheap xbox headset and found this which it turned out was meant for a cellphone and had terrible quality through the xbox.	
Even turning it on and off was a problem.	
I am now desperate to get any Basic model of Nokia phone instead of this.	
Doesn't fit right.	
I know, I know... "Well YOU shouldn't have let your children use it."	
It worked when it first arrived but it never took a charge.	
One of very few Bluetooth that can be used there.	
The snap wears out and no longer holds closed.	
Very impressed.	
I purchased this phone for its bluetooth connectivity and nice looks.	
Though, I really have good credit, T-Mobile declined my orders due to credit issues.	
Reception and distance was great.	
In fact, it seems completely incapable of picking up a dialing command.	
It alternately put it into pairing mode, or worse, cause the H700 to redial the last number called.	
I wear glasses and some headsets interfere with them, but this one does not.	
Shame,shame,shame,... charger is good though...!	
My only complaint is the sound.	
Bought this phone with Cingular service.	
Do NOT Under and Circumstance Buy This Item.	
Pretty darned good!.	
I've had the Treo 650 for months, and agree with most other raters that it had problems.	
I would recommend this to anyone looking for wireless headphones.	
It is rather light and does not fit all that snug for me at times, but overall Great.	
USB charging is great.	
Save your couple of bucks and opt for something more protective and less vulnerable to stains.	
Same goes for the phone.	
--Its big, as a result I have a second personal phone that fits in my pocket when I'm not working.	
I got this pouch for my 700w treo.	
As good as my old ones.	
battery only hold charge for 2 days when phone is not used and 1 day when getting calls n receiving texts...don't like the results..	
The Plantronics Voyager 510 solved every issue I've ever had with a handsfree headset, wired or wireless.	
I Can't seem to put it down!.	
!...ridiculous, right?	
Sorry Jabra.	
As a mom of three I was looking for anyway to make my life more simple and this bluetooth has done the job.	
This is the coolest looking phone i've ever seen, way better than the samsung e715.	
piece of crap.	
It's supposed to be custom fitted, but it's not.	
Great product at half the price.	
The sound is okay;for me it needs more volume.	
Motorola said they don't sell the ear pads separately and apologized for the inconvenience.	
Professionall.	
Description is misleading.	
It finally stopped transmitting about two weeks ago and I am not with out a headset.	
The earpad itself is not soft enough and prolonged wear is painful.	
If I want to go without a purse, it fits in my pocket.	
I think the phone/headset combo is a factor as well as user experience, obviously.	
Did not work well with Microsoft Voice Command.	
I didn't return it because it would have cost me more for the postage than it was worth.	
It would hold an ipod touch as the picture show.	
It has an extremely slow reaction time, and the keys are very difficult to operate--especially for texting.	
Nuff said!	
Better than the LG 6100.	
Haven't tried on anything else.	
I haven't heard a thing yet.	
I can communicate hands free and call handsfree.	
It worked ok for a couple of days, then the same problems began all over again.The Verizon folks replaced it with absolutely no hassle.	
I had to reset my PDA several times in the process.	
I wish the volume could be turned up higher on the speaker phone, but I usually use a Bluetooth headset, so for most of my calls it doesn't matter.	
Buy a competing micro-USB charger instead.	
Moto Headset.	
stopped working after 4 weeks.	
my smasung i760, sanyo m1, xv6700.	
I would do business with this vendor again.	
Great product, I bought this one for back up for other that I have for almost 5 years work great	
I didn't expect the lack of the 850 band would be a problem, but it was.	
Unfortunately, it adds an annoying buzz to anything I listen to.	
This phone works good.Mp3 is really good.	
Opened and found a transistor not even screwed in.	
Even though I wasn't familiar with the motorola interface.	
iphone three years ago and its been on my phone ever since.	
Excellent.. Very easy to set up for such a high tech device.	
Don't see any improvement.	
The cord could be a little longer, but otherwise it's a good charger.	
The best Bluetooth Headset for Convertibles !.	
This occurs if the person on the other end is talking to me on a landline or cell phone.	
I have not been unable to asign a ringtone to any contact or phone number not that there will be a lot of ringtone to choose from.	
This is the best bluetooth headset I've owned in terms of comfort and sound quality.	
I would have been better off buying the Brookline Bridge.	
This phone is great.	
good stuff.	
A Step Backward.	
A really excellent camera for a phone in this price range.	
It is light, compact, functional, and has a great design.	
Works good for a while, then dies.... I liked this when I first got it... very cheap, handy to travel with or leave at work, etc.	
Looking up a few video on youtube helped with the install process.	
I stand at 6 feet and yet I have the earcanals of a 5 year old, I guess.	
Protection and Convenience!.	
The design is hot but the ear reciever is to big for any persons ear which causes the bluetooth device to hang away from a person's face.	
Small and light-weight3.	
I can hear clearly even on my motorcycle with this unit.	
Of course, I would expect nothing less from the nextel network.	
The only problem is, it's a bit pricy after all.	
I could hear the other party's conversation great; however, they could not hear me at all.	
I would recommend this product.	
Didn't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing.	
of the 10 or so headsets i have tried, this is the best, especially for the price.	
I tend to believe this is a software glitch and there is no patch for it.	
This battery is a good direct replacement of the original battery in my cell phone.	
The battery does NOT fit the Motorola V265.	
These were less than a buck apiece and every bit as good quality	
The Hot-sync cable reeached in record time and it works perfectly.	
Reassembled the clip using loctite.	
I killed the battery very quickly but that was probably because I spent too much time on the internet.Bottom line is the sound quality is awful.	
It is compact, state of the art and stylish.	
That's actually why I bought this - I lost my iCombi.	
ordered 2 of these this time (May'12) and i still i have the one i purchased in 2008 from circuit city.	
Oh, all cell phones should also be free.	
Now I have to buy a new phone.	
Although not all Verizon representatives know about the alarm, all of Verizon's new phones have it.This is an awful feature.	
And also i love the coiled cable your car will look neater when using it.	
No More Dropped Calls!!	
Also, the case will fit the phone with either the slim or the extended battery attached.	
Here's a typical moment when I want to text.1.	
Climbing up into my attic, the RSSI went to -88, with 4 bars on the phone.	
Sound is acceptable.	
There was no such option.	
I love it over any other case I've tried although the plastic cover makes it difficult to use the keyboard.	
I've had some issues with this phone.	
And now, the display has developed a patch.	
This is not the same quality nor it it a Samsung.	
The keys are awkardly placed.	
Get it, you won't regret it!	
Mediocre at best.	
Though they were Nokia branded, the batteries I ordered from CCM Accessories did not come in original manufacturer's packaging.	
Called Linksys and they told me "it's out of warranty, buy a new one".	
The build appears poor, and the sound is poor.	
Check your Credit before going for this offer.	
Other users with problems must not have followed instructions.	
I wish Amazon would have raised a flag too warn us about this BEFORE I purchased the phones.	
Anyone could use it.	
Vendor initially offered to exchange it for a bigger case.	
The outer LCD cracked for no reason after a few months of use.	
Basic features phone book,recent call list,voice dailing and i think 3 or 4 games.I think Audiovox 8610 is perfect for almost anyone.	
Holster is too small for the LG VX7000.	
Motorola Mobile Phone Tools US 3.0 - Mini USB, compatible with RAZR V3, Q Phone, PEBL, V180, V220.	
The earpiece feels much looser than I thought it would be.	
I use the headset with a Samsung Blackjack.	
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!	
Product was everything i hoped it to be.	
The item that I received has a different shape top that does not slant to match the curve of the MDA.	
I'm buyinga sony 910a.	
It has hard button play/pause and volume control on the side of the phone.	
Got a new one in the mail in a few days.	
i thought most of these phone can last at less 5 years, what's up with that.	
Connection is easy, USB charging is great.	
The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.	
The Earglove is by far the most comfortable earpiece I have ever used.	
Other party can not hear conversation.	
This is great if you are in a quiet location.	
Simply put, this is one of those phones that will cause a few "ooohs" and "ahhhs" when people see it.	
Definitely buy one!- They are so reasonably priced!	
To be expected from something this cheap I suppose.	
No Service.	
Just returned mine to Amazon.com and waiting for a refund to purchase a different product.	
The 510 is the most dependable (works 60% of the time and has good call quality).	
It works great on the screen since my fingers are big and had a hard time pressing the buttons.	
not as good as I expected.	
I just recieved this phone today for a birthday present.	
Boy, was I disappointed.	
They were unwilling to provide a new unit as a replacement.	
Now the battary well not hold the charge and the distence suffered for some resson.	
Then it would go dead, and I'd have to manually disconnect and reconnect, to get another 5 minutes.	
If everything else in your life is perfect then this phone is for you-- it will give you SOMETHING to complain about.	
By the way, though at&t; customer service is still very slow..I'd strongly recommend this particular pda phone.	
However, as long as you put the iPhone screen side towards you, the back of the iphone will not get scratched at the exposed parts.	
I'd been purchased 2 or 3 dollar Hong Kong versions for a year or so and got frustrated at them breaking so easily (you get what you pay for).	
Works Great, When it Works!!!!!.	
The microphone is noise suppressing and echo cancelling which makes conversations great.2.	
Save your money.	
Buyer beware.	
needless to say I will not be buying from them again.	
So that's good.	
You can turn the light off by holding both volume (up, down) buttons while powering on the headset.	
I will have to try others to be convinced on this bluetooth technology.	
I purchased 5 of them from an Amazon seller and 3 were unusable (either completely or partially dead).	
great phone.	
Everytime I change the background on my phone, it freezes and I have to turn it off and back on again.	
It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty.	
You should be getting about an 8 VDC reading there as well (meaning it will recharge the batteries).Does the product really work?	
This product was a great value.	
The Samsung WEP200 works great with my iPhone.	
Palm know they have produced a lousy product and dont give a darn.	
This bluetooth is made by a company named Bluedio out of China.	
Don't buy this.	
Good price, among other things.	
This product was advertised as sized for the Palm Pre, but it is too small.	
Why did the vendor say that it fit mu Blackberry and the jack didn't fit?	
Because I work in a quiet atmosphere, I usually use "Private" (turning the speakerphone off) when I am on Direct Connect calls.	
Anything more than 3 feet the audio is unusable.	
Taking it off will tear the wire, tring to slide it will tear the wire.	
I kept getting the wrong item.	
The T305 is perfect for my lifestyle...lots of time in the car.	
Disappointed.	
It feels like a claw clamping down on my ear.	
It was not clearly mentioned upfront about not being compatible.	
The other game magic hexa have not spend much time.	
The construction on this thing is atrocious!	
One thing I didn't realize when I bought the phone is that you need Microsoft Outlook (part of Microsoft Office) to use the phonebook and calendar.	
The signal bars are there and one or two may be filled, but its apparently never enough for the thing to actually put the sound through.	
I love this phone!!!	
This purge feature cannot be shut off.	
I bought these and thought, what could go wrong?	
Battery life is about 3 days on a fresh battery, but nothing like my Samsung that would last 5.I would caution against this phone.	
Turns out this battery is thicker than the original.	
I used the Treo 650 for exactly one week, and then traded it in for my current Blackberry 7100.	
In conclusion, Nokia has really bad customer support.	
The charge jack hole in the glove is just physically smaller than the rubber part of the plug-in.	
Pretty good.. Nice little headphones.	
MY HUSBAND BOUGHT THE NEXTEL I530 A YEAR AGO.	
The noise cancellation feature is not great.	
I never got to try it out for sound once I determined it was too big.	
Purchased this for our road trip from San Antonio to Salt Lake City.	
Product was new as listed, arrived in good time, is exactly what I needed, and is working great!	
male pin with 3 segments (left, right, ground).	
The replacement battery was exactly the same as the OEM one.	
the shipping was extremely quick.Thanks!	
The battery keeps it's charge and is working great	
I wish they were slightly larger, but for bluetooth headphones meant for travel they are great.	
When the product arrived, I tried to integrate it with my Windows 7 laptop.	
It is not that big.	
Flat out great quality.	
This phone's flaws include:(a) Ergonomically unfriendly.	
Protect the BB in all sense (screen and body).	
The Price was a bargain at about 75% less than what verizon wireless was asking for this same battery.	
LIHGT and FUNCTIONAL.	
This is so much better than the snap on cases - all the holes are in the right places and I would buy it again.	
stations that sound better than these headphones!	
Besides the fact that it occasionally locks up, the design of the interface is just about the worst I've ever seen.	
Highly recomended.	
DOSEN'T FIT EITHER.	
This battery is horrible, it's suppose to be extended life?	
The rebooting seemed much more random and much more severe.	
The other times I get dropouts is when the X60 is doing something fairly processor intensive.	
This was obviously incorrect as I sent several test emails to my Gmail account just to see if I can get my phone to go pick them up.	
I would rat it 2.5.	
Unfortunately I lost my case and I wish there had been a way to connect the case and handheld together to prevent losing the case.	
Had I not been such a procrastinator I would have returned it[[ASIN:B0000CEPC8 Plantronics CS50 900 MHz Wireless Office Headset System	
Where my Moto shows 5 green bars now, the Ericsson would show a 2 or 3 amber bars.	
So now I can have a lighter shade phone with out buying a new one!	
Hit my credit.. Never had a bill payment problem in my life.	
I downloaded the software that come with the cd, but didn't work.	
Well, It has some.	
The mirror on the front get scratched way to easily.	
i recently bought an unlocked V3x from chicago.	
I have paired it with three different phones without a problem and with the Bluetooth connection on my laptop, which lets me use it with Skype.	
The second phone had electrical problems.	
I received a generic reply which was of no help and was told I only had 10 days to send the item to them No Refund would be given - a store credit.	
Everything as promised.	
Description is wrong!.	
"We went back and forth several times, but Cingular stuck by their reasoning.	
That being said, it does not work well with the v330.	
Look elsewhere.	
product not as described.	
When everything works as it should the headset is alright, but not exceptional.	
As of today I still have not received any refund.	
shipping was fast.	
This it turned out was the cheap plastic cracking a little bit with each movement.	
Phone is a little bulkier than most other samsungs, but not annoyingly so.	
The battery has longevity between charges.	
Delivery was prompt with no hidden fees.	
Simply fell apart when removed.	
only the 2nd b/t I have tried.	
I have had my i90 for 18 months now and have tortured the heck out of the phone.	
Are you ready to understand billing software and systems?5.	
They came out great on the computer.Jaz	
MP3 players or Digital cameras that charge through the USB can use this too (or with a USB-to-mini-USB adapter).	
(Is there a blue tooth headset that just has an on/off button??)	
i hate the fact that the screen blanks out all the time.	
Dangit you N-Gage deliciousnez.	
It's very professional as well.	
I would definitely buy it again though cuz of the size and quality :)	
I don't have to worry about searching for it.	
Incredible product.	
(I cannot fathom why folks would want to send photos back and forth to devices with such poor video resolution.	
new cell phone battery.	
Bought this battery thinking I was getting a good deal.	
This is phone is the perfect cross between a cell phone and a PDA.	
If you want a boring, old-fart phone, don't get this one.	
Terrible reception.	
So far, it's been working really well for me.	
The only annoying things is that everytime you press and button it beeps but you can turn it off.	
Hands free is easy with a Bluetooth earpiece (Not included).	
I finally threw it away tonight and went back to the stock holster that came with my phone.	
He sent a hyperlink to me which (after 4 tries) worked.	
Then the replacement came, and now after a week or so it won't charge.	
Spent the money for nothing.	
I have had the phone for about 7 months now, and it looks as good as the day I first got it.	
How ever I am stuck with two cables that do not fit my phone and free software"" from another site that does not support the phones of today."	
And within an hour or two - bam!	
In experimenting, I discovered that by placing cardboard under the PC stand to raise it up a little, it ended the rattle and most of the wobble.	
All she heard was static and crackling.	
You can throw it into any pocket.	
No matter which phone, everyone who I talk with through the T305 asks me if I'm in a tunnel.	
I bought this battery after my other ones expired (I had two spares).	
Best Bluetooth Ever!.	
I agree with the battery-giver - get the real thing.	
This product works well with about any Bluetooth source.	
You can also mute the headset by pushing the up and down volume buttons simultaneously.COMFORT/FITI was skeptical about the fit of this headset.	
That's fine but why are they still advertising them as "in stock" on Amazon.	
Coby Cassette Adapter.	
I have had problems in the past with some chargers not working with this phone, perhaps due to the wiring within the USB connector.	
As seen in previous reviews, the reception goes away for no reason.	
I pulled this out, called into the bridge.. perfect.	
My husband had lost one iPhone, and so we were relieved that he didn't lose his current phone while using this product.	
Fake!, fake!, fake!.	
I like the light-weight of this "skin."	
As mentioned by nearly everyone, I had to download new drivers to get it to work.	
i wouldnt tell a friend.	
However, I soon realized that it wasn't able to answer incoming calls by pressing the headset button.	
They are not willing to provide a replacement.Second friend's experienceHis phone went dead just in two days.	
pleasant suprise.	
* LOW VOLUME.	
Cannot lay on shoulder to talk.	
The worst part is that Cingular starts billing you from the day you place your order.	
These tips stayed on very firmly early on, though in time they were increasingly prone to fall off as they aged and wore out.	
it also can play midi music files which most MP3 players can not.	
I am hearing impaired and this product allows me to use the phone without making my hearing aid squeal.	
Don't waste your time with any others.	
Sanyo is known for it's quality products, and if I had my choice I would buy one, in a heart-beat!	
Not a bad set.	
If you own this phone, email SE and insist that the make this phone the perfect phone it could be.... Thank you for your support.	
it's been about three weeks now and I had to email them and ask why I have not received my refund and no apology for their mistake.	
Keep looking.	
I switch cases as often as I do purses.	
I never know when my cell is going to die on me so I always carry a spare charged battery to avoid any inconveniences.	
The noizefree amplifies the caller's voice and music lyrics	
Solid battery life.7.	
My phone stopped working.	
After this, the top fastener on the case loosened up and the phone tended to slip out....just replace this case each year and you'll be fine.	
The items in this package are inferior quality.	
I purchased this battery because I saved this very old phone from before which was my favorite, nokia 2 way and it light up bright blue.	
Strong Design.	
The pro to this particular model s really size.	
Bad quality.	
How can this be the only option for a little earhook?	
Almost perfect.	
Just to clean things up a bit I'm going to correct it.	
I'm not using the clip-on feature and wish that attachment on the back were removable.	
But this one doesn't work from the get go.	
Very Resonably Priced Headset, with great quality!.	
It gives you just enough freedom to roam.	
Charger doesn't work.	
All purchased thru Amazon.	
Controls are not intuitive, but work very well once you take the time to read the manual.4.	
Not what picture shows.	
This battery did not work with my Sony Erricson TM506 phone.	
It has very weak and limited range (ear piece to phone unit), maybe 15 feet only.	
This is evident by the lack of manufacturer markings, the packaging and the cheap sound quality.	
This battery turned out to be even worse than that battery!	
and I can speak in a normal tone when I use it.Would recommend this without hesitation.	
You can use it as a modem if you purchase a USB cable and software (which Sprint no longer provides).	
Better Than an Earpiece Bluetooth.	
Have you tried to upload pictures for wallpaper through email and find them terribly digitally pixeled?	
love my blackberry	
Like all products eventually it died so the search was on for another pair.	
Solid - does what it should do.	
Dead on arrival.	
DANGER!!!!.	
Incoming sound	
This is a great phone charger for the car.	
It was crap, and it stopped working two weeks after I got it.	
Front buttons are not secured.. Myself and two co-workers had this device, back in 2007.	
In case you don't get the drift, you need to look into another phone if you want a good quality phone all around.	
I am very happy with this product.	
It worked ok for ONE day.	
I really like it, tho at times there is significant static.	
Excelente Faceplate!!.	
Although it upgrades itself it took 3 times to get it current.	
They are designed to be portable, long range, and non corded, which they perform flawlessly.	
Works Really Well Indeed.	
When we tried it, it wouldn't work.	
Great product!	
I keep the phone on for about 12 hours a day & on the 2nd day, the battery is dead after about 4 hours.	
Not worth the money to try to return.	
An ebay seller is offerring a replacement button fo 24$, HP told me to buy it from them, can you believe that?	
If you want to synchronize your address book with the D807, then you have to manually send each item as a vcard export.	
(I bought a black RAZR because it's cheaper than getting one that's tinted a particular color.)	
It didn't work at all, BlueProton promised to replace it but the replacement never arrived	
Not a 650 Case but it works.	
But for 5 bucks, it's not worth sending back.	
I could only hear one side of my headphones.	
Small and compact but the sound quality is great.	
When taking pictures to use for your wallpaper, it's extremely hard to get a picture centered.	
When you are adding a new contact phone number, the phone temporarily stores the number into memory while you type out first name, last name.	
I was very hesitant buying an unlocked phone over the internet and from a distributor that I was unfamiliar with, but my experience was great.	
Overall DONT BUY THIS!!	
NO SUPPORT.	
I've had it for 5 months now, and I'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars.	
It is good when it works...	
They seemed to speak more consistently about the comfort of this model compared to others.	
Thanks Amazon.com and the seller, PCMonde!	
Since the case had given me excellent service, I found this case on Amazon and purchased it.	
i don't know how monster does it but if can get your hands on one of these you should...it's amazing.	
And I heard a beep and it started ringing.	
Not Worth It.	
Careful - it might not work with your phone!.	
I got 50 instant rebate (for upgrading) and 100 extra mail in rebate.	
HORRIBLE reception.	
No quality.	
When the headset is not in use it is recharging on the stand.After approximately 6 months of use the headphones stopped functioning.	
It was also missing the over the ear clip, which made it useless.	
A very nice hands free kit.	
It came within a week and was exactly as expected.	
Easy to set up.	
Useless with Verizon.	
invest in something else.	
I thought I was just bad luck, then made an exchange to a new one.	
I dropped my phone on carpet once and the battery cover on the back flew right off.	
If I twist and jiggle the connector just right, I *might* get the right headphone to work, but never both.	
You have to play around with the cord and keep it in place to get any kind of power from it.	
Not for Windows 7.... Some experimentation was needed in order to install and use on a Windows 7 Professional x64 system.	
Nicole Miller cell phone carrier.	
I've never had a problem with it falling out, but I usually keep it in my pocket or vertical and take special care to make sure it's secure.	
Switches on in 3 seconds and syncs immediately.2.	
I have to manually input all information to another organizer from the Palm.	
My upgrade time is here, so I'm going to get a new phone with them.	
I cannot stand the A/C wall charger that came with the Fire.	
I bought the H500 headset and it was TERRIBLE!	
This is my first and certainly last time of ever buying a Logitech product.	
While it is larger than some of the tiny flip-phones, it has a nice solid feel and clear sound.	
I am hoping that the third time will be a charm, but am not holding my breath.	
Wife is happy again.	
Great Bargin.	
Not worth the shipping to return!.	
This headset has to be the worst I have ever tried I can't believe that people actually give it more than one star.	
Worse yet, the menus are set up so that those buttons always seem to be between anything useful and you.	
Usually when you close a flip phone the call will end or begin when you open it.	
Not enough reasons to upgrade for 800i owners.	
I got a bluetooth phone in November and since then I have been reading reviews on different bluetooth headsets.	
This is junk.	
What impresses me the most, as mentioned, is the sound quality.	
So what if it's a couple centimeters bigger, sheesh!	
I bought the cable for my daughter so she could plug her Ipod into her car radio.	
Works great.	
Bad phone, good features.	
Belkin Tune Talk is Awesome!.	
On the contrary, it is actually made of a loose, rubber-like substance.	
But for under $50, there's no better alternative than the HS805, which has easy controls and pairing, and quality sound.	
Returned and purchased a different item.	
As for the service, I have been with T-mobile for three years now, but as each year passes, they seem to be getting worse.	
Continuously listening to high-pitched sounds may become annoying after some time.	
And the product was exactly what I had bought 2 years earlier at Best Buy for $79.00.	
Good value for the money.	
Battery & Charger Works as Advertised.	
I don't really have anything to compare this battery to.	
So I called in and exchanged the phones under the warranty, yet we still have the same problems.Quite honestly, the phone itself isn't that bad.	
BUYER BEWARE.	
This allows you to leave your laptop at home.	
Nothing great, wears out, smells odd.. This is the first holder I purchased and favorite for awhile.	
And if you are just activating your phone or even just reactivating you can get 100 free minutes by using the refer a friend service.	
Outlook integration for contacts and appointments is excellent5.	
You are thinking (as did i) he's just wanting to sell me a new battery that costs more than i paid for the phone!	
Bad design!.	
This cable, aside from being a standard Walmart item, won't work.	
OK it's actually the review for the L6 but the features are the same.Here's the good part -> It looks good.Here's the bad part:Reception - Terrible.	
They are very easy to use, and very comfortable.	
If you want to make this an even better deal, you can find these cards cheaper on ebay (NO taxes!!	
Finally found this one as he had before & there have been no issues since.	
I am stuck as I cannot exchange this phone any more...	
The holster doesn't fit the Krzr cell phone.	
A firmware upgrade could fix this (require the case to be open, for instance).	
This may explain the wide range of customer experience with regard to these batteries.	
I ordered the wrong battery.	
Avoid this phone (and possibly Samsung).	
I paid an extra $10.	
hopfully the new batch has these issues fixed	
I broke the plastic hook the 2nd day.	
I LOVE IT!.	
I bought this phone in Jan '05.	
Another thing is that it is just overall too thick to fit in a pocket.	
Poor quality, but it gets the job done.	
When you answer it by flipping it open, you have to wait 2 seconds to say "Hello" or the person won't hear you.	
The optimum sensitivity for the pushbuttons is when the phone is in a pocket .	
The little loop/ring on the headset is to create kind of a resistence so it does not fall out.	
El art&iacute;culo lleg&oacute; rapido y funciona perfectamente, el precio es bastante bueno... le doy mis 5....	
Invest in one that works.. This isn't the first one that I "tried" for my Razr.	
The opening flap of the case opens from the inside, (side closes to your body) out with the male part of the Velcro on the flap.	
Scehdule for Recurring Events Is Not Visible on Calendar.	
I bought this phone thinking about another sonny ericsson I had couple years ago.	
i use it everyday with my iPod Touch.	
The part of the ear piece that goes into the device breaks easily.Not going to buy another bluetooth product that goes in my ear.	
THE BOMB!!!!.	
*** UPDATE I had the phone for a while now and the battery swelled up and no longer takes a charge.	
I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!First, the good.	
Stupid design, but a good pen.	
(As of this writing you can also get a fantastic deal on clearance phones at the Virgin site.	
They gladly refunded my money.	
I wish I could write something about this phone but I have been waiting close to 3 months for this thing, where is it.	
I've had a number of phones before Nextel's i90c and none of them would perform well in my master bedroom.	
A weak breeze in the room would cause the connections to fail.	
I returned the second one, and will wait for a little longer to try next batch from manufacturer.	
Works very well, especially as a hands-free while driving.	
My wife and I did some online checking before we bought our Sony Ericsson Z520a phones from Cingular.	
I was not impressed with the performance of this case.	
Sprint was fine along the Interstate, but not in rural areas off the Interstate.	
Though I installed the included software disc, I could not get the phone and computer to communicate.	
I did a little bit of research which was about 80% positive.	
How can you say this is aworkable solution?	
It paired with my iPhone just fine but the output level was so low that I had turn my stereo up all the way to get usable volume.	
It was a great little stocking stuffer.	
The Samsung is constantly falling out of my ear, even with the optional behind the ear hook.	
I tried few near by cities which are adjacent town and it says service is available.	
Quality of screen is great - color and definition excellent2.	
Very pleased.	
In areas of low reception, the microphone didn't work well.	
The Jabra FreeSpeak BT250 is not ready to be utilized in the business enviroment.	
This little product works great at holding the phone tight to your waist and does not pop out.	
And yes, I get excellent stereo reception with both.	
This cable does not have the little keys on the device connector, and it is constructed with pins on the top and bottom of the connector.	
It is excellent.	
Inet is slow.	
I still haven't figured out the other mystery beeps other than low battery.	
The DC speaker has loose parts in it so when I am in a DC conversation there's so much rattling it makes it hard to hear.	
)I also did a lot of research regarding this and other wireless headphones.	
wow !great protector & look & feels great !	
The all in one package is really inexpensive vs buying all of these accessories separately.	
The ring tones are loud enough that you can hear them as well.	
I was so mad I through it away.	
Get a new computer or reinstall windows XP Professional.	
I don't understand.... One reviewer doesn't buy a case for the Treo and low-rates the product because he breaks the unprotected screen.	
Considering the space limitations that they had.	
Not up to standards...... OK, another electronics manufacturer has managed to make another cellphone.	
What makes that even worse is that it's louder than the caller's voice.	
I like this case because the leather is of good quality and the case design is nice because it covers the screen when not in use.	
When I drive and forget my earpiece at home, I have to use speaker phone and it doesn't work that well.	
But this phone was a bit of a learning curve for me.	
The materials these cables are built with are not up to the stress of repetitive extend/re-track movements.	
The jawbone is huge and I cant turn the volume up loud enough to hear because it dont go far enough in my ear.	
What a waste!	
If mine ever dies, it'll be a tough decision whether to upgrade to an iphone or just get another Razr...	
Buy it you are not going to waste your money..!	
I think this phone with all of its' features and the touchscreen is worth the money and more.	
breaking news!!!.	
I bought the H3 after losing my Motorola H500.	
My friends started complaining that they cannot hear me.That was it.	
As others have noted the textured sides add a great non-slip feel, but the case overall is very easy to slip in and out of a pocket.	
Don't waste your money.	
If I lost it I'd definitely buy the same one.	
Does NOT need the Connectivity Toolkit.	
It doesnt make any sense, not everybody who buys this phone use AIM.	
Doesn't stick to my car.	
I upgraded to this phone from my Motorola v200 and absolutely love it.	
The sound quality isn't perfect, but it's good and I'm just glad I can listen to my ipod through my car's speakers.	
I was able to hear the other person, but they could not hear me over interference.	
The Motorola H700 is light, pairs easily, connects quickly, charges quickly, and is pretty much a no brainer.	
The second one I bought, the plug fell apart, literally, within 5 days of purchase.. I'm keeping it together with tape.	
I bought these headphones to use with my the music player on my new cell phone when I go running or biking.	
And yes, I get excellent stereo reception with both.	
thank god that this phone has not caught the fancy of everyone and this phone remains exclusive.. hhehehehehhe for the sexy geeks.	
After 2 weeks the phone does not work.	
All the necessary cables are included and the software worked perfectly.My only criticism is that the instructions could be a little more detailed.	
These areas are very small, only about 300 feet long.	
After getting the latest replacement, I called Plantronics Tech Support and spoke to Will.	
So basically, coming from someone who has gone through a good percentage of T-Mobile's stock of 3-E315 phones, stay away.	
Of course, I would expect nothing less from the nextel network.	
This product was refurbished and for the price it was not a good deal.	
Great..Ignore the Iphone fan boys.	
There was only once or twice that my headset had some connecting issue, which made the music stop for several seconds.	
It is quite bright, but somehow can still be missed by people who just come up and talk to me even though it's blinking.	
BlueAnt Rating.	
I got double minuts everytime I buy minutes and never had any problems they always give extra minutes as promotion.	
The number they assigned me was used by someone to purchase ringtones through a website without my knowledge.	
It is easy to use and doesn't cost an arm and a leg!	
Maybe its us , maybe its the batteries.	
Pairing with my phone was not an issue.	
It feels like it's going to slip out of your hands and as if there is really nothing to hold on to.	
I use it for my 2 different cordless phones as well as my Motorola cellphone!	
I finally got rid of mine and decided to order an SE HBH-610 aslo through Amazon, I will rate that later when it arrives.	
Don't touch the button.	
Eforcity Li-Ion Battery.	
stand is meant for phones/PDAs, it is not big and sturdy enough for an iPad, but I wouldn't use it anyway.UPDATE	
If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service, DON'T BUY from Cingular.	
After much research, I decided to purchase the plantronics version and absolutely love it.	
Use your Treo as an MP3 player.	
Calls are answered easily by pushing a button and callers say that my voice is clear.	
Top up every 90 days and you're good to go.	
My phone has been thru soo much.	
All holes line up.	
Great seller communications.	
It took about 2 weeks to get the battery.	
This phone has given me nothing but problems.	
Excellent Choice.	
where the MPx220 and me are concerned, I have just been unlucky.	
Phone calls only come in on left earpiece.	
I wanted power for a small 12 volt fan and this converter fit into my alloted space and provided the necessary power.	
Samsung 3rd tier says that's the way all Mx00 phones are.	
The earpiece allows for great sound quality and is quite comfortable.	
I got one headset to work just once, but when I turned my music volume up full blast I could barely hear anything.	
I bought this because I have a Motorola Q and wanted to get a headset that would pair well.	
I purchased the Jabra headset about a month ago, and have used it every day with my SonyEricsson T610 phone.	
I would have to depress those keys multiple times before it would register.2.	
I have had other cell phones and they have cool covers but they are so hard to get on and off!!!	
I expect it to last a long time, too.	
Product arrived promptly and as promised.	
They are good quality and work well.	
If you are looking for a candybar style phone with bluetooth and memory, this will be a good choice.Good luck	
Great Idea.	
not good at all.	
you might as well go sit in a room with nothing in it for good reception.needless to say, it's for sale on ebay!	
Only gripe i have is that i wish the FM radio would work without your headset plugged in.	
Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline.	
Very pleased.	
This happened to me only twice in the 2 month period.	
Unfortunately you will need to spend more.	
I choose not to use Bluetooth so I wanted a handsfree headset that was plugin.	
One piece of junk for another.	
The razr I replaced with the enV was through AT&T so maybe that's the reason.	
It's a bit hard to get comfortable on the ear, and the internal buttons take some getting used to.	
The sound quality is very good both from the listners and my end.	
I pretty much get reception everwhere.	
I should have purchased more to give as birthday and christmas gifts.	
We went back to the store, thinking it was defective.	
it's always a toss up when one needs a new charger for an old phone.	
This product does not work for the cellphone it says it's for.	
Simply excellent.	
You have one satisfied customer here!	
Maybe this is a good product.It is NOT for any RIM BLACKBERRY!Buyer BEWARE!	
The reception is pretty good I can hear what people are saying on the phone.	
Wish that HAD been my experience.	
The listing for this products states that it is for use on the iPad.	
May look cool, but performance sub par.	
I wear mine all day and even able to execute my usual wild flailing with my driver at the practice range without dislodging it.	
Fantastic Charger.	
I traded the RAZR for a pudgy Samsung SCH-a950.	
Will read "Insert SmartChip."	
such a steal.	
We were upgrading from a Motorola V276, which sounded WAYYY better, no contest, just didn't have the bells and whistles.	
Great Headset.	
Do not buy this phone for the camera as it is not a good camera; remember that the camera function is secondary (1.3 mega pixels after all).	
This is no problem with just a headset, but I have an integrated bluetooth system in my vehicle.	
It starts out with a weak hold and gets progressively weaker.	
Product was delivered as described (new) and on time (actually, ahead of schedule.)	
Full QWERTY keypad but it does not light up nor does it even glow in the dark.	
This is a cheap, generic, no name replacement cordless phone battery and buyer beware, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!	
Rather than slipping over the ear, my headset was open at one end so it didn't grasp the ear well.	
I have been pleasantly surprised by the scala-500.The first positive sign was the ease of pairing the headset to the Treo.	
This phone works best when plugged into an AC power supply.	
Now, I don't know if I still have time to return it and how to proceed.	
On my end it sounded static-y at the higher volumes.- The overall sound quality was very tinny.	
The memory card holds 16 megs.	
Most people seem to adapt to it.You can get a mini sd cheap - 35 bucks for a gig.	
Gave up after about 3 hours.	
i've had these for a year and love them.	
Item is going back for refund.	
Individuality and Personality.	
This case fits almost perfectly!	
it is the worst phone i have ever owned.	
Lame.As a sidenote, I have to continually switch the 'default' sound device when using this headset with my laptop.	
now my freinds if u like to show them a glimpse of the future then this is it.	
Bought this as I hoped it would save me from the new no-phone while driving laws.	
Until then, this is perfect for what I want.	
But I couldn't even get the original one off!	
The most annoying part about this is putting it on as you have to loop it around your ear and to do this, you need both hands.	
The product operated as advertised and makes a great addition to your iPod toolkit.	
Cheep battery is something like this.	
Synching could not be any easier.	
Again, cool features are meaningless when the phone itself does not work.	
I then purchased a second one and inside a week it did the same thing.	
You need to open the phone first and after you can use the headset.	
Excellent Quality and Price.	
My son went online and within 3 minutes located a battery for my phone.	
The headset is not fitting in the phone.	
This one on the other hand brings comments like " what are you doing while talking to me?.."	
For a wireless earpiece you want to be able to get it on and off your ear quick if you need to, and these prevent you from doing so.	
Cingulars GSM has improved its signal, claritiy.	
I was tired to deal it with them.	
After purchasing for roughly $10 and paying over $5 to ship, I now have a $16 piece of something I cannot use.	
Shortly after buying them, it stopped working.	
Does anyone have any idea on this regard?	
Too bad no one can hear you when you attempt to use it.	
This is a wonderful bluetooth.	
The second never worked to begin with; we never got so much as a dial tone.	
Great Product.	
Product was received in new condition and worked as excepted.	
This phone actually got me a detention.	
What a waste of money.	
Saved Me From Buying a New Phone.	
Would not work with my Razr V3m.	
I would definately not recommend this item to anyone.	
the mini-USB plug used by most devices), the charge adaptor actually broke the housing about the fourth time I used it.	
I will probably buy another one as a back up.	
Motorola HS820 Bluetooth Headset - Hematite Gray.	
Plus, it is tiny, fitting into my hand, so there is no storage problem.	
I am guessing this is due to some power-saving sleep function these headsets go into.	
When you are listening to MP3 or radio you can make or recieve calls without any hassle.	
It just came in a sealed small plastic bag.	
Its infact real easy.	
They shipped a Nokia charger instead.	
Good but can be better.	
These say clearly that they are made in china.	
Charger is as descibed and keeps my cell phone charged as designed.	
Review of the palmOne 650 Treo.	
The signal coverage it great.	
Ordered from OEM and it arrived quickly, within a couple of days.	
It doesn't Fit!.	
Sensitive But Not To Bright.	
Cingular Wireless is okay and I would look into this phone.	
No problems installing on windows XP.	
Threw this one away.	
I shopped around alot before choosing this--my first samsung--after many different Nokia models.	
The phone is very snug in the case no shaking or rattling around ,Great Item	
this is an really good product.	
The sound is very clear.	
Do not buy this phone it is a piece of junk.	
I dont like the bright blinking blue light showing its on.	
SAVE YOUR MONEY!Sigh...where to start.	
I have had some bad experiences with blackberry and cell phone cases in the past but would use and can recommend this system.	
But, there are a couple of issues I have with the phone.	
They sent an older model headset which did not fit the charger, and a used non-bluetooth adapter.	
I love this phone @ Thumbs up!	
Me, I'm buying a plastic case to have no sliding problems again.	
I first received this headset when I purchased my LG phone.	
Plus, if you go into Sprint, Verizon, or Best Buy to purchase this, it's retailed at $31.99.	
Its comfortable to wear.	
However, even though the product seems new, there was not formal packaging.	
T-MOBILE is charging me $300 for a service I never used	
Just needs wind reduction.	
I am very happy so far.	
my taxi is a Chevrolet Uplander Minivan.	
They were delivered promptly.	
I can go to the mailbox without skipping a beat with this set as well as all over the house.	
The mute button works great.	
Since I just received this and discovered that I could not wear the ear piece or could anyone hear me, I am planning to return it.	
Volume buttons could be larger or raised more.	
My son tried to use it with his Verizon account and was unable to get it hooked up.	
I return it for credit.	
Ok fine.Apparently the R&D; department at Motorola has used their profits towards other things than improving their products.	
It may not be the smallest phone, but who said the smallest is the best?	
No conversion software necessary, no fancy computer skills needed.	
wouldn't buy this one again.	
I have to say I'm very pleased with this little piece of equipment.	
It has clear quality sound and is so easy to wear.	
cell phone home charger.	
Worked initially however I cracked the lcd screen taking the ipod apart.	
Terrible with Razr V3c.	
I don't like the phone and havent from the beginning.	
When it's in my ear, I can jump up and down (not that there's a usual reason to) and it doesn't come off.	
It doesn't add too much bulk to the phone and protects it well.The belt clip works fine also.	
Unfortunately it also looks cheap and feels cheap.	
The reception is about 3 ft.	
But I have to get going.	
Costumer service told me I need a software abdate, but can not use any Mac Computer.	
It's pretty but cheap looking.. After about a month it also broke off my phone.	
The Sport Mate phone holder is very helpful.	
He GAVE me a free new battery and asked me NOT to use the car charger.The mini USB was fine.	
But there was a catch.	
i accept im a bit dramatic but thats is another thing.	
I think the only thing cingular was thinking of when the made this phone was the size.	
I decided to buy this one for both my wife and I. We used these without issues for over a year now.	
Terrible design around volume buttons.	
The headset is comfortable for me once adjusted and lightweight in comparison to other devices tried.	
With this you will make crystal clear pcm clips of any parts of songs and edit them...fade them in and out..etc for ringtone use.	
For example, I used to get at least 3 bars at home by using Nokia 6210; nevertheless, my NEW L7 gives me zero bar most of the itme.	
The side clips and the rings that they clip to are made of plastic, and the metallic coating on the clips wears off.	
Battery life is not good.Let me get one thing straight to motorola or who ever the engineers building cellphones !	
Motorola HS850 Bluetooth Headset.	
More Info Needed.	
Hi-tech, stylish and absolutely necessary in today's bluetooth audio world.	
The stealth phone to have.Caveat	
ATT is really bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	
Type in friend's name.5.	
Finally with hard resets, got the phone to load my data.	
The glove itself is looks great, is durable and fits perfect.	
My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel.	
Compact and good battery life.	
This becomes a problem when the phone gives a double beep that interrupts the conversation and blocks out incoming and outgoing audio.	
Exactly as described, a low price, and a quality product.	
Works Great.	
Battery really dies quickly even though there aren't many features to the phone.	
That outcome would have been a raging success compared to my outcome.	
My suggestions in rough order of priority:1) Blue tooth headsets.	
The radio dial has a few stations that are listenable, but also has many stations which have static in the background of the programming.	
I have switched from T-Mobile to Verizon and they have by far the worst customer service I have ever experienced.	
Do your research before you purchase.	
Since someone dialed my number, was connected to my phone, and I was charged, I figured it was use.	
I have dropped this phone out of my pocket 20 feet onto a wood deck.	
This purchase was well worth the money.	
The Palm simply refused to recognize its existence.	
The 300 cradle doesn't even work with the 600 ( well one of mine does to a degree but used too much force with the pliars on #2 - it broke).	
There are really only two things to do:1) Locate the antenna where you get the best possible signal.	
Battery life is good, at around 4+ hours of talk time.	
But other than that, it does what it's supposed to do.	
I have this phone a little over a year.	
horrible quality.product mis-shapen damaged.	
In part, it is the phone but it is also sprint.	
OMFG...Thanks Sony for getting this one right, and thanks, Amazon, for making them available!	
Sync'd well with my Mac, everything great except I couldn't get the Bluetooth to connect to my car (Upgraded from a 650, bluetooth worked great).	
It never worked.	
Works Well.	
I was upgrading from the Sony Ericsson Z525a.	
Well the leather case ordered here really works great and is identical to the one sold on the Samsung website.	
See my other reviews if you want a comparison of other brands.	
Almost perfect.	
worked like a charm for 2 months.. then for no reason stopped working and would not power up.. no reason, no trauma to product.. do not recommend	
Maybe I just had bad luck with this phone but I would not buy it again.	
Sound quality is excellent, callers can hear me just fine.	
I was looking for this note (didn't find it) to see what refinements he'd made.	
I bought this for my daughter as a stocking stuffer.	
I bought a new battery from verizon and it actually worked.	
There isn't a setting for birthdays anywhere, even on the contact user information.	
MAIN FEATURES DISABLED!!.	
Battery for Motorola V330.	
I just wish more devices use USB standards.	
Easy to attach the iPad to the decal.	
Best Entry Wireless Headphones!!!.	
Highly recommended.	
Heard great things about battery life, but I've only had it for about two hours so far!	
The charger was not fit for our Katana 2, 6650 model.	
The Motorola S9 HD is nowhere near as dependable.The audio quality is good, not great.	
I love the colors together but when I attached this product to my phone it was very cheapa simple fall and it could still damage my device.	
This item performs as advertised.	
Also the people I talk to say that they hear me much better than the H500.	
cheap clip.	
I called Motorola and they said it was defective.	
It's ill fitting to begin with, but the adhesive isn't strong enough to hold it in place.	
I use mine a lot and my wife uses hers just when she's driving.	
it was misleading.	
The cut-out for the screen and the one for the speaker in the back match up perfectly.	
Motorola Phone Tools -- Research First!!.	
Now the new one too is defective.	
Not to mention the glares you get from the people in line behind you.	
T-Mobile refused to exchange the phone because they said the warranty has expired.	
I am changing /upgrading today.	
BUT I would not recommend this phone for one key reason	
They are replacing the earpiece for $65 which includes a new battery.	
It's not just the hard, cheap and thin type of holder.	
Slowest charger ever.	
The scroll device could also be so sensitive that I would end up in functions I didn't want.	
after i read through the manual connecting it to my ps3, my phone and my dads 5 year old razor, was EXTREMELY easy.	
Fits like a glove!.	
It's non-standard, and it doesn't even fit the Jawbone that well.	
I've written energizer about it.	
Dropped my phone once and it gave cushion to the fall.	
Jabra a125s functions well.	
Piece of Junk!.	
There is one easily fixable flaw though.	
I will get to the problems with the service.	
Can't go wrong.. This has turned in to my go-to case.	
This is a great product I actually have the pink one and wanted something different a different color and this is definitely it.	
I am familiar with the Jawbone product line and I have always been very pleased.	
It always asks (PUSH TO TALK CHARGES WILL APPLY)when I accidentally press it this is very very annoying.	
We got them when we change our phone service to Cingular.	
It becomes very staticy and just doesn't stay well in your ear.	
Some of the flip models are better for those who want a phone with a camera.	
Its sturdy, fashionable, and unlike most magnetic clip cases, it holds up well.	
No phone jack hole?	
Frequently comes back with 'error reading smart chip'.	
The screen is big!	
The 30-foot range is, well, it AIN'T!I won't buy anything like this via mail order again.	
Strong signal BUT cuts off High Freqs !	
Unit is supplied with 2.5mm plug and I had to find adapter for my Blackberry Curve.	
The camera resolution is great and the speaker vol.	
After about half hour (I can't take it longer), my ears hurt so much I wish I never bought this thing.	
Only a little short battery life, i need to recharge at noon to keep it working until the end of the day.	
You can answer the phone using a switch on the cable but to retune or turn it on and off you have to use the unit.	
The sound quality is just the same as when it came from the computer.	
Did not cost much but shipping did!!!!	
It matches perfectly with my phone.	
The buttons are also easy to use, and pairing is simple.	
Works Well.	
This becomes a little inconvenient for travel.	
The main reason we purchased this tool was so we could get the pictures off of our old phone.	
The only thing I still like about it is it's blue.	
I constantly got dropped calls not to mention network busy error msg.	
And mine broke after about 6 weeks of fairly lightweght use; the belt clip button detached itself from the case.	
I find it to be well constructed, easy to use, and extremly comfortable to wear.	
I originally got this so I could listen to my music and be able to listen for phone calls on my pc's using IP Communicator.	
Nothing happened.	
The most common problem, the earpiece unit comes apart quite easily.	
Apart from these minor details, so far the phone seems great.	
If you don't have an obsession with Motorolas, go for the Samsung t609, which is the best phone TMo has on the line write now.	
First the pluses.	
Very Good Headset.	
I give it 4 stars just for capabilities and simplicity.	
Stay away from this company.	
Could be the best three bucks I ever spent!.	
when not in my ears, i wear them around my neck and they are comfortable and forget that they are there.	
Which means 1 bag and 1 personal item (e.g., laptop case).	
This drives me nuts.	
I ended up returning this product as the sound quality was very poor.	
I am surprised Nokia put out such a poor performance item.	
Plantronics must be well aware of the problem because they went straight to processing a return.	
Doesn't fit.	
This is the best phone I have ever had.	
Always has been with headsets, so maybe next model.	
My original battery would no longer hold a charge for even one day, but I didn't want to get a new phone.	
Great for all those gadget buffs!	
The battery loses its charge within a day.3.	
The best part of this headset is the on/off with the flip of the boom mic.	
Awaiting a refund now.	
Never arrived.	
battery is useless to me.	
Excellent Overall Belt Holster Case.	
This is the only case I have actually bought for my new Ipod but I do have to say I am impressed.	
And the 3 different ear hooks to choose from is such a nice additional feature.	
I use a Treo 650, which is on the compatible phone list.	
This is not the HS830 Motorcycle Helmet Bluetooth.	
I bought one and received another as a gift.	
Nice Case but major flaw with the leather covered belt clip.. I really like this leather case but find one major flaw with design.	
Awesome Phone- Attractive.	
I mean it didn't really fall off or anything when I was walking around the mall.	
The Wave Messaging feature is tons of fun!	
4 1/2 stars would be perfect.... This phone is amazing, that said, there are 1 or 2 small issues that I can live with.	
I was able to place the antenna in my attic and the transmitter in the middle of the house and get great reception everywhere.	
I think I'm on my 3rd, as the tabs that hold it to the phone are really flimsy, shear off after a small amount of use.	
Like some of the other reviewers mentioned, it fits snuggly but yet does not block any of the phone's functions.	
Small keypad.4.	
Very comfortable and I'd highly recommend it.	
The blutooth that I purchased has a few problems.1st.	
Repulsive smell.	
Swiveling Belt Holster.	
Well it didn't and when i contacted the seller they told me that theres don't have that security strap.	
JABRA WIRELESS HEADSET.	
They wouldn't turn on at first but if they stayed plugged into the wall, then they'd work.	
Everything on this phone scratched so easily it was irritating.	
I don't know how the battery worked because it didn't fit in my phone.	
I got it through amazon for free.	
Unusable and unfixable.This is a terrible product that should be avoided.	
Most people hate the phone -- and I think thats because they can't get use to the nav-pad, which is nothing like the Apple iPod.	
What makes matters worse is that each ear bud has a rigid teardrop of about an inch and half that connects to the cord.	
Put the battery in and tried to charge the phone.	
Quality product.Highly recommended.Very functional Multidapt.	
Essential Accessory for Sony Ericcson.	
DOES NOT WORK FOR LG UX5000.	
* Not too small, not too heavy.	
The price is great, but in this case it's worth it to spend the extra money.	
Then last night, the screen just turned blank.	
Worse than the one I was replacing.Very disappointed!	
The only thing that I can think that is a negative is that the battery life doesn't last as long as I expected.	
It's as if you don't have a phone, but think that you do.	
Don't stress yourself out with this purchase.	
The phone works fine, but has some quirks.	
!I love the size - I'm of a firm belief that you should not mistake your phone for a chiclet.	
I would not have another one of these units.Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset (Nickel)	
Stay away.. I purchased this headset with high expectations.	
Great for my teenager-not for an adult who uses serv.	
So, if you have 5 numbers for George Bush, then you will have 5 entries for George Bush.	
Perfect Assessory for the Blackberry.	
When you scroll down the phone book, the scroll is slow.	
A great phone for travelers.	
I ordered this charger for use with my wife's Motorola Razr V3 phone.	
I've been using the phone for 12 months and it hasn't been as good as I initially thought.	
You could also call that a design flaw in the headset, but either way you should get the combination of this case with that headset!	
I've just ordered a Nokia 6600 and am hoping it will be better.	
The &quot;drop in&quot; slot for the phone is more like &quot;pin the tail on the donkey&quot;, though, same as with my Nextel phone.	
This device works very well.	
The phone would not hang up and would have to depress the off button for 3-5 minutes before shutting down.3.	
Purchased for my Canon digital camera, works very well, great for trips like Disney World, lets you be hands free.	
I had seen some with LCD display that looked interesting.	
I took one star away because the MP3 player seems too simplistic.	
I bought two of these, thinking that the first was defective.	
i still don't believe i got a head set of this quality for what i paid.	
In all, a real quality piece for anyone wanting only the basics in an elegant upscale package.	
A good choice and very affordable.	
Jornada 720 Cradle.	
All phones should meet this mil-spec.	
So unless you want to spend the time cleaning it off and risk getting the liquid on your phone, don't buy it.	
It was nice when I first put it on, but 24 hours later it was covered in dust and oil and I felt the need to wash my hands after each call.	
And the sound quality is superb!	
the color screen is a very welcome change.	
I've had this phone for nearly a year now.	
After months of research I have to say that the 8700g is probably the best smartphone available for T-Mobile.	
The front bezel protected the window beautifully...it's still readable.	
2 bad ones in 13 months.	
It was a perfect fit and worked great for about 4 months then the connector at the phone end fell apart.	
in my house i could count on zero to 1 bar of service.	
Late and appears to be used.	
It does what it's suppose to do !	
cracked hinges on 2 phones.	
(That happened to me once when I sat down in a car's seat.)	
Love this Jabra for home use.	
I like it alot better than the jawbone.	
My friends say Samsung clam shell model phones are best avoided, in general, i.e.	
The quality is good.	
As someone who talks on the phone / net a lot, I reccomend this product.I am a fan of the Plantronics 510.	
Outstanding deal!	
The ear hook is difficult to adjust to change from right ear to left ear.	
If you have a good battery you might want to by a couple for long trips without recharging.	
You cannot directly download MPG files without purchasing a USB interface and a memory card.	
This one has a smooth surface--no lint, and slips in and out of his pocket easily.	
I'm now looking for a different one!	
The price was so low I think it eas stolen.	
Yes I have dropped the phone - which is why I bought the proctective cover in the first place.	
You'll be sorry.... This is the worst phone we've ever owned.	
After trying a multitude of cases to keep my Treo 600 and now my Treo 650 safe, this one is well above the other options.	
cell phone battery.	
I knew she loved monkey's, so I got her this animal monkey charm.	
I've been able to sync it to my Blackberry Curve, as well as, my Sony PlayStation 3, and switch between the two without any issues.	
The zBoost is an OK product for someone who lives where there is good cellular coverage outdoors (3 bars or more).	
Wish I could change it, but I know that I can't and my phone is so old that it needs to be changed, but I can't afford it.	
To make matters worse, once you find a comfortable place to hang the clip, the leg is to short and slips off.	
battery did not seem to be in new condition.	
Matches with my MP3 player's need.	
However, the interface is a bit complicated.	
Not being able to use it for more than 2-3 days.	
The form factor is not to be outdone.	
Good overall.	
Luckily I picked up quickly so my phone wouldn't get damaged, but for those of you looking to buy this clip- DON'T!	
The plastic case makes the cell phone very bulky.	
It seemed to require a very hard, concentrated and lengthy press on the power button to get it to turn off or on.	
The camcorder, however, is not in this menu.	
Go with something else.. This phone is poorly made junk.	
When we got to our destination, it would not work.	
Holy Headset.	
This over-the-ear bluetooth did not fit my small ear.	
I have been looking for a Bluetooth headphone for a while now and when I found the Logitech headphones it was the design that I was looking for.	
I love this case, it has kept my phone really well protected.	
the charger spot, speaker, and the sd slot) were all easily accessible.	
You get what you pay for.	
hard to use, not user friendly.	
The Verizon customer service is horrendous!	
Eyeballing them, they look just like each other.	
The battery was delivered promptly and is a Nokia branded battery.	
I like it and feel that it is worth the money and worth recommending.Hint	
The conversations are crisp and not muffled like a Motorola I used to own.	
OMG, This is by far the best product ever.	
I highly recommend it for people with sensitive outer ears.	
Great Service.	
I think because of the metal roof it sheilded me from the cell site( 0 bars inside).	
Andy's view for review of sony headset.	
(But I definitely haven't had the problems with feedback from the headset mentioned by one of the other reviewers.	
I use my own headset.	
I bought this bluetooth and love it, it is very comfortable and I hardly even know I'm wearing it.	
The big picture is that it is small and light, stays in my ear, and has satisfactory sound quality.	
That didn't work.	
If I didn't have a real need to use it at this time, I would return it... But for the most part it does work on the same side the Phone unit is.	
It is small and thin, and the way the prongs are, it does not take up more than one plug, like all the other chargers on the market.	
They will also hear a lot of background noise.	
Inexpensive, great quality, your personal style to dress up your Sidekick II and finally something that gives you privacy.	
and then....maybe it will work.Was disappointed in the fine print for this one......ooops	
When walking across the parking lot to my office, which is very open, wind noise could be overwhelming.	
I only used it for 4 days!	
I like the size, can slip it into a pocket.	
I don't like the phone and I don't like the service!	
Doom doesn't play on the Ngage....that majorly SUCKS.	
Great phone but big $$ catch with Cingular service.	
Pick up by the mic was not like others stated.	
I find I only hot synch once or twice a week anyway.	
This product works exactly like it is supposed to.	
I had to give it only 4 stars for the minor annoyances, but they are just minor complaints and shouldn't prevent anyone from buying this product.	
I really love the phone specially for kids.	
(One of them rattled; something loose inside.)	
), but they also hear everything going on around me too.	
The car charger looks a bit cheap, but what can you expect for the price?	
The battery life is poor and it is not user friendly at all.	
After almost 2 years, I lost it.	
I didn't ask the seller's help, neither anybody's.	
I'd give Verizon 4 starts because of the costs (they get you with the fees) and poor selection of cool phones.	
I have bought and sent back every headset Sprint offers.	
Battery power (length of charge) is awesome.	
The thing that I noticed immediately when testing early on was the volume that I could experience with this one.	
I heard bad rumors about the battery life.	
Shimmed with a little folded paper to press it against the contacts.	
Didn't they test these things before they started mass producing?	
Excellent, but with one minor setback.	
It took us a good 10 minutes to figure out which of the numerous settings would provide good sound on both ends.	
Besides, you can take care of just about anything using your online account --just don't order replacement phones.	
Sony Ericsson T506 headset.	
Works with all iGo chargers.	
Only complaint is that if the plug gets touched where it connects to the phone, it's easily disconnected so be careful about that.	
no problems at all -- arrived as promised, works as advertised.	
There were a lot of positive reviews so I was hopeful.	
After that, you're on your own.	
Logitech seriously needs to invest in testing this item on people before putting it on the market.	
kINDLE ACESSORIES.	
Works great, just like when the phone was new...	
I wont buy it again.	
It sounds really clear, the speakerphone works really well, and I find it extremely nifty that I can record and make my own custom ringtones.	
ITEM WAS JUST AS LISTED AND SHIPMENT RECEIVED ON SCHEDULE.	
And usually, it would not understand you.	
what does this mean to me and you.	
You can transfer contact information to and from your phone to Outlook, which is fine if Outlook is your contact manager.	
I wouldnt replace my my main camera with this, but its a great camera in a pinch.	
It is black neoprene with clear plastic caseing.Problems:A. You have to take the "suit" off to charge your phone, there is no way around this.	
The Samsung D807 works great in almost every category.	
Tough enough for hard duty and law enforcement.	
Phone gets hot after a decent length conversation.	
A good design would have made the button s take up the entire screen.	
They sell counterfit substandard products.	
The jack doesn't fit in the hole of the phone on the Motorola V173.	
Does what is is supposed to.	
The phone is wonderful.	
The phone snaps in & holds very well.	
I need the strap off for that.	
works great - large files.	
I loved it & almost wore it out till the washing machine got it.	
That's not what I received.	
T610 phone is useless.	
Very disappointed to say the least.	
i love this product.	
The buttons are a good size for me, and I LOVE the speakerphone feature.	
Their network is terrible.	
the phone manufacturer does not keep stock in old parts, so as to encourage the purchase new a new phone.	
The video portion of the camera is good as well the video is clear and sound quality is good, but don't plan to shoot any home videos with it.	
This sleeve is the poorest quality "leather" without fitting properly.	
Until today (2005), this phone still works as great as it was a brand new phone.	
It shows up and it works.	
Poor voice quality - don't buy.	
Very vey very bad stereo headset.	
Lousy outside a totally quiet area.	
A .5 megipixel would suffice.4.	
Recieved both products on the same day 1/22/09.	
actually, i'm quite unhappy with it; it slips out of the phone and does not maintain the charging status.	
I've hade this phone for 12 months.	
The rectangular plug that goes into the cel phone didn't work.	
They informed me that I would have to come into a Cingular store [again] to get a new SIM card.	
No flimsy parts that I expect to break soon.One drawback is the lack of ringtones.	
You can increase the original plan but not go cheaper for the grace period.	
I have had this unit for over half a year.	
The second one worked longer; maybe 3-4 months but it just failed also.	
The fact that it is is necessary to remove the PDA from the cover to hot synch is just a minor inconvenience.	
We finally tried the Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset and it is AWESOME!	
Sexy Phone.	
I ordered this product.	
Subpar Audio Quality.	
Great phone, more features than I can use!.	
I can live with that.	
The ear piece doesn't sit well on the ear to allow proper usage.	
I am very happy with the service.	
My friends all have reception in areas with the same T-mobile service but different phones.	
The first reported problem is that the microphone boom lays against one's cheek and muffles the sound.	
this is by far the best phone i have ever owned.	
I first bought it at the store for $40.	
Has the extras - but sounds terrible.. Hmpfh ergg tyhhu jjas.	
It is both uncomfortable to hold, and uncomfortable against my ear.	
The speakerphone is actually functional.	
Hardly heard anything when I dropped it on the floor.	
After trying several other bluetooth headsets from the likes of Plantronics and Motorola, I tried the Aliph Jawbone.	
A great concept that I've found hard to use.	
Use the right picture and description.	
I like that it uploads to iTunes automatically.My criticism is that the stand is poorly crafted, flimsy and not well thought out.	
Thus, it enables you to use all of the phone's features without having to adjust or remove this case.	
Got a call from these ppl they said if i removed my comment they would send me a new one for free.	
I thought the little ipod hole for the plug had busted somehow, and replaced the ipod.	
YOU NEED TO TAKE CARE OF THIS PROBLEM!!	
I would have rated this phone as a 3.5 star but just because of the cingular line that comes with it, I will not rate it any higher than a dismal 1.	
do not buy this item!	
not as advertised.	
I'm happy with the phone and reccomend it to people who want a new phone but don't care about all the doodads that a 15-yr old might want.	
AT&T wanted nearly $20 for this cable.	
Someone thought it would be smart to have a magnet instead of a snap, but in reality, it does not hold the phone in place enough.	
I hate how the case is worhtless for putting in your pocket, thanks to the huge button that it uses for the belt clip.	
I also had a Motorola & Jabra.	
I have had this phone with T-Mobile plan for 6 months now.	
Finally, the Q's battery life was terrible.	
There are "holes" everywhere necessary, so you don't need to remove the case to charge it, use the ear bud or take photos.	
A Little Worn... Battery looked a little worn, but works great...ordering and shipping went very smooth...for the price...cant beat it...thanks...	
Maybe if I put a magnet or tape to my head it might be better.	
Better to have none than low quality VGA.	
The 4900 was a far superior phone.	
Can you still hear me?.	
As you can see from the photo, the clip is as thick as the Treo itself, which can hardly be considered slim by today's standards.	
My Mother hates earbud type headphones so I was a bit weary of what she'd think of a bluetooth headset.	
Will be returning.	
No wonder they're practically trying to give them away!	
I first purchased the blackberry pearl through T-mobile in June of this year.	
Does not hold a charge.	
The only reason I got it is it's the only set I found that uses LG's native connection plug for VX8600.	
I received it within a reasonable amount of time and it works well.	
I should have had a dime or something to scale it by.But if I had a cell phone that fit it.	
With the low price, I think it is quite a deal!	
This was a waste of money, and it's not even worth what I paid for it.	
If you look at all the images of them on the N90 they're all open phones instead of close.	
And speaking of alarm clock - for a business oriented phone, this function is poor at best.	
And like most recent cell phones, the V3 includes a 640-by-480 resolution camera with a 4X digital zoom.	
Great buy great price great service.	
I would recommend this product.	
I liked it for the first couple months, and then the touch pad just stops working!!!	
I changed the kit, changed the phone, reinstall, etc.. , eventually they told me that this is how it heard tofay with this technology.	
provides security but easy access.	
I am on my 2nd W300i, both of them have started shutting off.	
Amazon usually has good products...not this time.	
Jensen JTH940 Headset.	
Good quality snap closure.	
I've used it for various smart phones, which is nice since I hate having to keep buying new cases.	
Don't feel I can really walk 30 feet away from my phone (starts to crackle.)	
It actually works at her house!	
I am not satisfied with this product nor Amazon.	
Shipping was very fast!	
!The Palm OS does it all so why do you really need Windows OS on the new one?	
My mother I travel yesterday and it said to me that	
On top of that the people I would be talking to could hardly hear me and I could barely hear them even on loud volume.	
I tried those MotorolaH500, H700, and few more, This is the best one I liked.	
The one on my previous Samsung was 10 times better and that was an older phone.	
The key lock is not very much of a key lock if you're unknowingly dialing 911 in your pocket.5.	
The mp4 video is awsome, more storage would have been nice though, maybe a sd or cf storage?	
A real rip off!	
I set up a 25" commercial grade, metal blade fan (to simulate wind noise) and sat right in front of it with her behind me.	
The Negs...I never got around to adding any software.	
So the problem is the cable, the right channel stopped working.Not a durable item, so buyer beware.	
Unit would not connect to the phone, in fact when i did some trouble shooting, it would not even stay powered on.	
If I am sitting in my living room, the headset works fine.I bought these so I could use them while biking and walking.	
Keep your money!.	
Whenever I have to make an important call I have to use someone else's cell phone (as long as it is not on Cingular).	
I figured, bluetooth is bluetooth, so I went ahead and purchased it.Charged it for the required 2 hours, then paired it up.	
Later, a different model charger from Amazon did work.	
No one even knows I had a call coming!	
A vibrating battery is a great solution to that.This particular battery could, however, be a little stronger.	
This bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others I've researched.	
Will definitely order again.	
at under 8 buck it seemed like a good deal, but this cassette adapter broke after 15 minutes of use.	
Cell Phone Battery.	
the headset is designed so that the speaker rests on top of your ear.	
It was attached to my belt on the left side.	
The volume is set way too low.	
Just got the phone yesterday, but I've played with it enough now to be pretty pleased with how it is working.	
Here's my list, good and bad.	
Excellent phone and customer service!.	
Excellent Transmitter.	
El articulo era tal y de como estaba descrito, de facil Instalaci&oacute;n encajo perfecto en mi , y Funciona Mejor Que un Original	
I can not recommend that you purchase this item unless you want your sharp looking RAZR to have a real flea market look about it.	
The volume controls on the headset aren't sensitive enough for easy volume changes.	
Not worth it!	
Works great !	
You'll spend a bit more, but I'm a big fan of you get what you pay for.	
It works exactly the way you'd want it to.	
( I'm a little hard of hearing) I ask a few people that I was talking with over the headset how I sounded.	
MP3 player is equally good.	
A second problem with the stand is that if you want to have A/C power the adapter plugs into the bottom of the unit, making the stand useless.	
Most cell phones are class II and III with a range of 1-10meters.	
The second one worked fine for a couple of weeks then started having the same problems.	
I discussed this with the corporate office telling them this issue is frequently related on the internet.	
Then, I purchased the Data Pilot software.	
In my case, the power button works when pressed hard, the Volume button doesn't work at all.	
I have a 3 month old Motorola Razor phone, and I just bought this bluetooth earpiece.	
They should state this feature in their product description.	
PPC software is everywere.Cons:Bigger than most PDAs.	
It is not that brand.	
How dumb is that?	
Most dropped calls.	
This item is great, price was excellent, quality is better than expected.	
I didn't have a chance to try the mic but the stereo audio quality was lousy on all the devices I tried it with (direct pairing or transmitter).Edit	
but the item was defective.	
Don't buy this kit if you want the caseI dont even think it is made for this phone.Fell apart as soon as i forced the phone in it.	
It looked like a quarter sized ink spot.	
Great value.	
Synchronize s with Windows Address book.	
TOO SMALL FOR PALM PRE.	
This is one of the highest quality covers you will find, made by the Nokia (which is the same company who manufactures the phone.)	
don`t buy it.	
Plus I've had the Sony Ericsson w300i.	
But getting to the internet takes forever, the speaker phone don't work, people cannot hear me on this phone.	
fits great & it protects the screen.	
Big enough to grip too.	
I've had it for three days now and I'm very happy with it.	
But to my irony the samsung fixed it and the screen went off again after 2 months of repair.	
This headset just allows me the freedom to move around and not be tied to a desk while on the phone with customers.	
The sound was perfect and I never had a complaint.	
Looking for Nextel's smallest full-featured phone?	
The USA CDMA Razr is about to be released, and should be very close to the already released Korean CDMA Razr.	
Because you can use up your minutes fast with 20 or 30 card.	
(hook in one side and then push the otherside down).	
Went to walk the dog after that, and took the headset and phone with me.	
Charger fell apart.	
Also, I bought (paid $0, with a 2 year contract) this phone through amazon.	
I heard, "Please say a command; please say a command; please say a command; please say a command."	
For me, it fits well on my jawbone1.	
After being kept in pants pockets and mixing with keys and coins,the plastic scratches and soon after cracks.	
Works great, but the pricing is absurd.	
4 ear loops 4 snap on ear pieces looked like it was made out of metal.	
Works perfectly and fits snugly.. This is the second blutooth earpiece I have ever owned.	
Find a better phone that might be bigger, but at least u will be able to talk on it.	
What's the point of that when it's suppose to be used "hands free".	
Easy to Pair and Great Sound.	
So she couldn't help me.	
It still gives the same problems of not give clear sounds and hearing some noise.	
Posted my questions.	
After testing with several people, they all said it sounded lousy.After reading the comments, it seems that everyone has a different opinion.	
Also, play list are not easy to modify.	
Door stop....They have the M610 listed so I took a chance, but it will not charge the phone.	
Understandable around the holidays, yes, but not understandable why it took so long to let me know.	
Sunforce solar vent.	
It took me 10 or more emails, back and forth with the vendor, over a period of about 2 weeks to get this thing up and running.	
I live on my phone as a network engineer.	
Please be sure not to purchase this car charger.	
With this antenna pointed roughly in the direction where I thought the tower was my signal went to three bars so I'm in business.	
The Edsel of Cell Phones.	
This phone has barley any flaws to it.	
I use to have a Motorola C332 it was a great phone but if you took off the case you would notice how small it was, it was almost as big as my hand.	
5 stars hands down.	
I would recommend (if the size and look doesn't bother you).	
It also has maps, yellow pages and a lot more.I just wish that the battery life was a bit longer.	
Setup is as easy as pairing any bluetooth devices.	
Motorola fans will like this!.	
Works for me!.	
I used it on a daily basis at the gym and was exceptionally happy until it quickly (less than 2 weeks!)	
According to the instructions, the light is supposed to be red, indicating it is charging.	
I'll list the pros and cons and you can judge for yourself.	
The battery I received was manufactured in 2007.	
Pretty flimsey.	
But they do not understand about business relationships and how to assist the customer.	
Does not work for Cingular 8525.	
I found many difficulties with using it and very poor transmission quality.I hope it is improved and then I may try it aain.	
I used it with a Nokia 6165i.	
Mute problem solved-Nice unit.	
the biggest agravation is when i am in the middle of a call the call gets dropped and theres an error message on the screen.	
Bought three to use with Apple's $20.00 3.5mm to 2.5mm adapter.	
This leather case is an excellent accessory for the Motorola V3 phone.	
It's fuctional.	
I called Plantronics and was told NONE of theie headsets are working with Treo phones.I had to return the headset in less than 24 hours	
I don't know how many more purchases I'll make with amazon after this one.....	
Price is right also.	
I now cry at the mention of "T-mobile".	
I bought this to use for online gaming on my PS3.	
unless you think screen saver is the most useful feature in a cell phone.	
PIECE OF GARBAGE.	
The phone would not ring and I couldn't figure out why.	
Cingular sells a hard plastic version for $21.00 that brakes every 3 months.	
Not a good fit.	
I have to say I was worried at first to buy but, heck if I didnt like believe me I would of returned it!	
I was skeptical but proceeded to purchase it.	
PDA phone and palm - a serious thought.	
my Blackberry experenced SUDDEN DEATH after 10 days I love my Treo	
Good headset.	
Low quality.. I found that I got what I paid for.	
A bit disappointing.	
Excellent phone - great value.	
I used to spend $10 for connecting at each airport.	
The pair up with the phone is fast enough to catch the ring before it goes to voice mail.	
I received the holster today and it is simply too small for the phone.	
cell phone charger review.	
Extremely comfortable and the highest sound volume to date.	
These are little nit-picking problems	
Silicone your Treo.	
Motorola Q Fitted Leather Case.	
I bought this for my power hungry smart phone.	
Buttons are all easy to press.	
(The cable and software can be purchased separately, but not together!	
This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again.	
I have used my Shorty for almost 2 months now and I just experienced the "auto shut off" bug for the first time.	
I only wish they had better choices in an affordable flip phone, and I really wish they would do something about "Simone" the virtual phone service.	
Bought this for my wife's Palm Trio 750.	
if you need a phone for handling a fair amounts of scheduling, get a treo or similar product.	
I figured the USB compatibility would be good so I could easily swap the device between computers.	
The others require you to press the # button when you're finished.	
You will be glad you did.	
This is to protect the glass screen on the front of the phone.	
a good deal.	
Does this work?.	
For all you I/M fanatics out there (like myself) the Motorola V330 still proves to have the best AIM software.	
TMOBILE IS WORST PHONE SERVICE I HAVE EVER SEEN.	
I have to admit it works well and I have been very pleased.	
I picked up one of the first versions of the cell and it seemed to be pretty buggy.	
I strongly recommend this case!	
Besides you can have different ringtones for different people in your phone book.	
I wouldn't waste my money on it though.	
I returned it after a week of trying to get it to work.	
It works great for a while, then it gets to where it won't hold a charge when not in use.	
This is a large screen oversized PDA.	
You can't travel and DC to anyone else where you're at.	
Easy to use/ great quality.	
A complete waste of money.	
No Complaints.	
I just wonder if it is an OEM product; how can they sale it so cheaply?	
$1.27 order with a ship cost of $5.96 for less than one oz.	
Stay out of the W mart stores & buy this item off of Amazon if you want to save money.	
Push it up and down and cannot tell any difference.	
Well designed product that is a steal at under $3.	
Product has sharp edges, makes me want to file it on a rock!	
Its really designed to be used that way.	
Oh, it will call and we'll try to answer, and it will sound loud and usually clear - but one of us can't hear the other 99% of the time - at all.	
So I ordered this battery, and immediately my phone is alive again.	
Want a new cell phone but keep the same no., HOW?.	
A mobile phone unlike just about any other cell phone created.	
The second and third time it was a different clip.	
That's fine for me, because I don't want to accidentally turn the thing off.	
I need to charge it daily even after I set the packet data to "when needed".	
I decided rather than risk messing up my brand new phone, I'll order all cables from Verizon.	
The Blueant Bluetooth, hands-free device is great.	
Amazon did not ship until 9 days, though it says "usually ships in 24 hrs" .	
The speaker phone is excellent, much better than the 8200.	
It has better coverage to boot (using Sprint's national network).	
The phone isn't far away for it to be distance even when fully charged.	
Despite having a 512mb of external storage the phone cannot accommodate a mere 200 messages.	
good looking but fragile.... when i first received this case i was impressed with how clear it was and how sleek.	
It's comfortable and works fine.As for the hands-free jack on your phone, you have to make sure you have a 2.5 millimeter jack.	
The whole thing is coming apart like a 3,000 year old bird skeleton.	
Also regarding quality, I had a great deal of difficulty in getting this headset to correctly work with my phone (Samsung, newer model).	
I use the headset for driving, mostly highway, 25K miles/yr.	
We were living off the grid in a very remote part of Samoa at the time and literally depended on the output from our wind turbines and solarpanels.	
While it is quite easy to use, it will take some time to remember its various functions using the 3 button combinations.	
case works ok - collects a lot of dust kind of thoughbelt clip broke off after approximately 3 minutes of use	
cell battery.	
When I get in this state, I might as well forget it.	
Using the web, the response time is quick and the representatives are courteous, but next to useless.	
Works great.	
So when I got my Nokia, I went to the Cingular store and had them use their machine to transfer my contacts from my old SIM to my new one.	
DO NOT BUY THIS BATTERY!	
get what u pay for.	
Doesn't Fit VX8300.	
Great alternative to bluetooth.	
I like it so much I bought a second one for my wife.	
I'm very happy with this item and the price was unbelievalbe.	
It is not fully bluetooth compatible, there is not a direct interface with a PC which forces you to use monthly billed products known as VCast.	
Outstanding Bluetooth Speakerphone.	
Charges very fast.	
Worked fine until it failed... 3 days after purchase.	
The pen didn't write.	
Wouldn't buy again.	
It finally came, and i knew i wanted a SE.	
Would recommend this product.	
I hope they decide to do the right thing before this happens.	
This was our third cellular service though and they are all the same.	
Downloading stuff by the kb is insanely costly, and the media plans add significant cost to the monthly plans.	
The earbud itself uses a 2.5mm jack, and that is not what the Sonyericsson T226 uses (it uses a propriety connection).	
Then I began testing it.First call I made was to my voicemail - very staticy.	
anyone that didn't get awesome results must be using this product wrong.	
This may be because the handset mic is active when the phone is flipped open.	
Not a True 2.5mm Female to 3.5mm Male Adapter.	
If you have a Sanyo Katana, don't bother.	
It fits like a glove, haha, the body glove cellsuit fits my Motorola KRZR perfectly.	
AWESOME accessories.	
I would recommend this phone to anyone.	
Battery lasts a couple of hours.	
Great Camera, bad phone.. It has a beautiful screen, takes gorgeous photos, and fairly good videos, it can send them to anyone with an e-mail.	
I like this product because I can quickly put in my ear when driving and take out when not using.	
Would like it more if it didn't come with hardware issues.... I just activated my 3rd PM-325.	
I bought one of these and really liked it... for about six months until it stopped working; no audio; like the wire was cut.	
I'm not sending it back to samsung because I'll have to pay for it.	
Cheaply made.	
It was a great deal!	
I can charge my phone at home or in the car with leaving it in the case.	
Only comment is the ear piece is not adjustable for a better fit.	
The hook is terribly inconvenient, falls all the time.	
I ended up giving it to a friend who reports that it works decently for her Nokia (I think the Nokia Music Express.	
There hasn't been any one problem	
I can actually hear people at highway speeds instead of pressing my Razor phone firmly to my ear like I used to do.	
(commonly found on plantronics stuff) It not only injects the sound into your ear, but stabilizes the earpiece on your ear.	
They are just as good as the original battery that was in our cell phones.	
This case appears to be well constructed, the price is awesome and VibeCelluar had it to me in days after the order.	
While it is very pretty on the phone and looks great, there is NO PROTECTION.	
Obviously used.	
The case in the picture is not what i received exactly.	
i finally got the product by us mail in a flimsy envelope with no bubble wrap or secure packaging.	
Solar pest repeller.	
The tip which goes into the phone cracked under normal wear-and-tear usage.	
The battery can last around 3 days.	
bad belt clips.	
If you like hip-hop, or electronica you will love these.	
The black color on the shell comes off and scratches very easily, and over a period of just a couple of months looks cheap and ugly.	
Pretty good battery!.	
READ THIS - TRUE STORY.	
GOOD TO GO.	
The sound is great and people I talk to have no problems hearing what I am saying.	
It was difficult to plug into the phone, and later when we plugged it into the USB port, we couldn't read what it had saved on it.	
Once charged it will last for a very long time.	
I wanted a phone that could sync my contacts, calendar, and ToDo list, so that I can ditch my PDA.	
a+ works as advertised, have been using it for several months now with no problems, no complaints from me, pick this up if you need it.	
This is a great little bluetooth headset at a very reasonable price.	
I'm not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from unless they shipped some defective phones.	
Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing.	
I liked it that much.I've now had my PEBL for over six months.	
This case arrived on time and looks great.	
Item as described and in perfect condition.	
USB power option.	
Please note that it does not come with foam earpads like the box says so you are stuck with the eargels.	
After just a little use the mic stopped working.	
I love the quick alarm and mutiple alarms you can use.	
tight squeeze.	
I still haven't figured out how to use the speed dial.	
Merry Christmas!!!!!	
Both mine and my ol' lady's phone too.Junk.	
I was skeptical when ordering, but for the price, I thought, "what the heck."	
It's sensitive to the direction you point it.	
Absolutely not worth the price.	
It took me an hour to fiqure out how to sent to back.	
People have told me they can hear much clearer than my former headset.	
Thanks Amazon!	
Need I say more.	
My SIM card was already in place and I checked to make sure it was making contact with the surface responsible for reading my SIM card.	
But only problems is the bluetooth.I had a sony ericson phone which the bluetooth was perfect with no static.	
you can only use this on your right ear.i would recommend the jabra freespeak as an alternative bluetooth headset.	
It is the first headset that I have ever worn that is so light that I don't know I am wearing it.	
The best part is that when you get too far away it gets a little static so that you know to come back closer and then the sound quality clears up.	
The camera is nice and the contrast and zoom are awesome.	
i never received the product.	
don't bother with "pay as you go".	
The new BLACK T-Mobile Motorola V3T defines a "sexy" phone.	
Great Case!!!.	
I recommend this product to any one with a htc evo	
I would recommend getting a device with a standardized charging port (like microUSB) instead.	
We'd have bought it @ the AT&T; store but they just do not have it available.	
This charger is horrible!!!!!	
I think the ad and the picture is misleading.	
Other Jabra products I've used in the past have nicely contoured jels and I was hoping to be able to use one of those on this piece.	
My friends has the Samsung E315 and has never had a problem with his.	
I got the replacement and charged it up.	
Nokia cable.	
STOP...Do Not Buy this Phone!.	
Yes, it's big, but not too big.	
You may have to do a little customizing, but other than that it's a really good product.	
I use a chinese knockoff phone that has this nokia battery.	
Only downside, it has a bright blue screen which is good to view the counter, but not so good when it's night and you leave it plugged up.	
I ordered one of these.	
How can you tell?	
I couldn't find one that was small enough for it without being bulky, but that still protected it - i found it in this case with a little style.	
not so great clip.	
Size Matters.	
Well, that's what the Audio Streamer did, but the headphone was red with an occasional blue flash.	
After a full super wash with All Clean and Clear and a bit of Snuggle's fabric softner, I'm sure the phone is quite clean now.	
I have tried to contact the seller without any success.	
And if you were wondering, it's not the seller's brand either.	
I was trying to save my blackberry pearl and I thought that by purchasing a new battery I would be able to.	
The idea is presumably to minimize distraction while driving, not increase frustration.	
More testing should have been done prior to release.	
The battery is it's own cover, no flimsy plasic back cover to break pr get lost, and it's east to switch batteries.	
disappointed.	
Defective Produce and Extra Cost to Fix.	
I love everything, except my new one broke after a month (the scroll wheel) and they forced me to accept a refurbished one as a replacement.	
I'm thinking it's probably the result of always leaving it in my car in the Texas summer.	
Any pressure applied to the headset, such as removing it from an ear, often results in the clip forcing the ear tip free.	
(price was a strong influence) The Jabra BT620s is really nice.	
I work at home and use a cordless phone with headset to do my job.	
Within a three month period the tiny wires get shorts in them and the audio is gone.	
Very disappointed in this headset and am returning it today.- No matter what I did, the much-hyped noise cancellation didn't seem to work.	
!BURN YOUR MONEY FIRST	
I'm talking delayed as in up to 30secs!2)Freezes.	
I was with ATT wireless, and in their merger to Cingular everyone in Oklahoma was "sold" to Alltel.	
Thus far the product has met my expectations and would recommend the product to my friends and family to try the product.	
This case was designed for looks only - no consideration was made for performance,comfort, or security.	
Poor performance.	
So when I gor my i830 from Nextel's site I was extremely happy because it was all I expected and more until I started using it.	
I was looking to upgrade my previous Virgin Mobile phone which was a cheapie when bought and only passable.	
Cell phone.	
Click send.11.	
Would not recommend it.	
I only had the phone 1 month before T-mobile had to replace it because it kept turning on and off by itself.	
Maybe better than holding the phone to my head according to those that I speak with (this has included driving, noisy stores, and noisy workshops).	
Though, I suspect this may also have to do with the poor fit.	
This is a great improvement, and works almost every time.5.	
The functionality is great.	
It looks so much better without the ear loop.	
I get no noise from receiving or calling and everyone I talk with says it sounds as if im using a land line.	
I used to have the black razr and for whatever reason, I needed a new SIM card.	
Well it works great.	
The phone lets you choose if you want to have a full-screen wallpaper, centered, or tiled.	
After a while I gave up.. Just never got this item from the seller.	
Product works flawlessly .	
I'm sending it back for a replacement - we'll see.	
I make a lot of calls on the road and I have never had a problem.Speaker phone is fantastic.	
In previous phones I've owned, the battery weighed at least three times what the phone itself weighed.	
Bad Service goodlooking phone but just goodlooking.	
However, after using them more often and for longer periods of time I realized that they were not as comfortable as I thought.	
(adjusting the sound on your iPod doesn't have any effect at all) As for using with a phone, I wouldn't recommend using it in a loud place.	
I just got my tax return and I'm going to get a new one today!	
Vibrate must be set by the keypad and the ring volume requires you to navigate in the control menus.	
I called product support and they emailed me a document that supposedly would circumvent this problem.	
I bought this date cable and it works great in my dell laptop and i trust this seller.They stand behind their customer service..	
This is such a great item!	
The calendar sort of half worked.	
Don't just take my word for, try it and you'll see.	
This phone features 1.3Mpixel, charge stand connector, much more flash ram (64MB vs 5Mpixels, so that real MP3 can be played.	
But, think that most complainers do not read the instructions.	
Wrong product for the Wilson Booster.	
Highly recommended!	
I finally figured out it was the reflection of my headsets indicator light reflecting off the windows!	
I have other iGo stuff, so I live with it.	
No problems.	
So that phone got returned and now I have phone #3.	
It works pretty good.	
If you have an IT person at your company to help you with this phone great, otherwise, forget it.	
It takes about 2+ hours with the truck off for a full charge of my i95cl (which is a great phone w/ suprisingly good speakerphone).	
I am disappointed and have lowered my initial rating of 4 stars.	
Message deleted in the tool still appeared on my phone.	
I've suggested this to all my friends.	
Calls are clean when there is at least 3 or 4 bars.	
Great product so far.	
I suspect that the battery is dying again.	
A great battery.	
After talking on the for several minutes my ear is sore.	
Do not buy this item.	
I was looking forward to getting this ear bud because it was stream line and sleek.	
Nice color screen4.	
All this did for my camera was make the scratches I already had more noticeable and add a few extra along with it.	
calls get dropped just sitting at my desk.	
Hey, they are just 3 styli?	
This battery isn't any better than the original battery that came with my phone 2 years ago.	
At highway speeds (ok, faster than that) with loud pipes, I had to honk my horn to convince the other party I was,indeed, on my bike.	
It doesn't work.	
Afterwards we had a sporadic 5bar...but it would go down to no bars and still drop calls.	
This phone just blanks out when you keep dialing the numbers.	
Great combination!.	
Phone aesthetics is phenomenal, intuitive design and layout, easy to use.	
I will check reviews on items that I plan to purchase from now on.	
It comes with a holder it snaps into but it doesn't stay in place and is always falling out.	
not a good purchase experience at all.	
Then it starts to beep and get anoying.I use these with my Samsung Upstage 2 ( SPH-M620 ).	
but if you need it to go through the walls in a different room the signal drops fast.	
plantronics voyager 510slplus headset.	
I've tried moving it around in my car with no success - even just holding it in my hand.	
T-Mobile Sucks.	
Mine went straight in the closet.	
They seem to have different sub-models.	
Small, fit snugly and is a great add on to your bluetooth phone.	
Although one of the protectors that came will cover the important part of the Chocolate screen.	
You will be too.	
As advertised.	
Very poorly made	
* I still haven't figured out how to upload a pic to use for the external screen.	
I lost the balance in my account and my phone number.I'm looking elsewhere now.	
Let me just say that I own the Motorola V330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr.	
Holding the V600 stationary, I snapped three pictures of my calendar, a 1x, 2x, and 4x.	
Great Phone.	
Very low glare and no fingerprints.	
Regularly, I heard "are you on a headset, can you get off of it I can barely understand you".	
I have owned the VX6100 for nearly a year and it has proven to be a good quality phone.PROS	
A few years ago, I purchased a Jabra C250 along with my phone.	
Defective When Shipped.	
As with all wrap-around-the-neck-style headphones, these just don't fit right.	
The back was scratched, the product code was markered over and a date stamp was pasted over the back.	
I can leave it in the charger while I'm driving and only remove it to answer a call.	
The serious design flaws aren't simply manufacturing errors.	
Also if I use a downloaded theme I have to sacrifice the caller id on the external screen to do so.	
its pretty and preppy and just a must have to make a dull looking PDA look fantastic!	
This is probably due to the shortness of the microphone pickup.	
The camera is not worth the extra cost for the cable and software that should have been included in the original purchase package.	
But little by little my friends and family started complaining to me about the TERRIBLE ECHO they were getting whenever they would speak.	
Customer service was very good, but the first battery I received tainted my view of the product quality.	
It's easy to turn on	
To add insult to injury, the replacement stylus does NOT fit well at all.	
Works fine, but not as pictured.. This charger works great on my Motorola RAZR V3M, but I'd just like to point out that this is NOT as pictured.	
And when I'm on a call, I can talk on the microphone and use my car speakers to listen.One other cool thing is the video.	
When people spoke to me it came in clear and without static.	
I assume this is the reason that may disrrupt or stop your calling.In brief, I love the phone.	
Nice idea but does not work.	
Sprint = NeandrathalSprint how stupid can you get?	
I attempted to use this product to connect my SCH-U740 to my Mac and it did not register.	
Buy ONLY Plantronics Bluetooth Products!!.	
Does exactly what it claims to do.. Does exactly what it says it does, adds a layer of protection to the blackberry pearl.	
Poor weak signal.	
The USB cable cut in and out with the slightest movement.	
!I've heard people with concerns over the manual...but I found the set up for most of the features extremely easy.	
Defective and made in China.	
So after a couple of weeks of this, I decided to try one more time.	
So far her's works great.	
I've had both the phone and both headsets replaced and still their is no fixing it.	
If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service, DON'T BUY from Cingular.	
I returned to the store and exchanged it for another one.	
Eforcity Wall AC Travel Charger for Kyocera K612 Strobe / KX21 Switchback / Dorado KX13 / Candid KX16 / Xcursion KX160.	
I superglued it back in place.	
My phone now actually stays charged for a week instead of one day.	
After giving them my email and home number, and waiting about 20 minutes on hold, the sum total of "tech support" was "return it."	
Quite Nice.	
Plantronics CS70N/HL10 & Lifter.	
Luckily my phone didn't break.	
This headset failed to work after 8 weeks from the date of my purchase.	
This phone has never let me down and has been dunked, dropped, sweated on, I recommend this phone.	
Very annoying.You also must pay an additional $20 per month if you want to browse the Internet, use Instant Messaging, or even Download Fun.	
I 'm not even sure this is the correct headset without the box.	
I'm glad that I bought it.	
It fits perfectly in my handbag or clutch.	
It is too loose and the phone falls to the ground all the time.	
Tons of dropped calls.	
I returned the WEP200 and purchased the Plantronics Explorer 340 instead.	
THIS ITEM DOESNT WORK FOR THE LG VX6100	
I bought this for my wife's 3035.	
The earpiece is difficult to adjust and my fiends on the receiving end don't like the voice quality.	
Either way, this is still a great case!	
They offered to cancel it now but said that since "they had no record of my previous email there was nothing they could do about those funds.	
For thirty dollars Nokia could design something better.The Jabra one I own seems a little more sturdy, and costs less to replace (if it breaks).	
Avoid at all costs--piece of junk.	
It works fine.	
when u are dropping files into the phone from ur computer, its hard to know where to put them to be able to access them later.	
Very comfortable.	
Great product.	
But that's not worth the price without the ballpoint.	
I am not easily impressed by most things.	
THEY FLATTERED A CASE AND A SHIPPER TO ME FOR VEHICLE.	
3 Samsung X427's, none working properly (or at all) after a year.	
Once getting this $100 card, ANY new card will give you another year to use the minutes, since you become a gold rewards member.	
Received mine from Tiger Direct in less than a week with normal mailing.	
This item was in the review and said it work with the Dell Streak cell phone.	
And it works with both Skype and the Gizmo Project.	
The transmission of my voice was drowned out by the television which was actually amplified over the sound of my own voice.	
Volume button at an uncomfortable position.	
If you do decide to purchase this product I would immediately glue them in place.	
Good Microwave Popcorn.	
But design has some defects.	
Many complaints that people cannot hear me with this headsetJabra BT5020 Executive Bluetooth Headset	
The 2nd one has also lasted about 6 months before I got really frustrated.	
I don't feel there is any problem with Navigation with menu as described by other users.5.	
Nice Headset.	
I used this earpiece for 5 years.	
I bought this about 18 months ago was happy with it until about 3 months ago when it began to cut out some of the sound.	
Purchased for use with a Traveler Cooler/Warmer I purchased.	
The company only warrants replacement phones for 3 months and I had this one for 5.	
The over the ear clip isn't loose and fits okay.	
I bought a 2 gig micro-SD for it, loaded it with music and photos, and now I find it hard to be separated from it!	
As good as expected.	
It looks like it has been used or refurbished.	
the device paired with my blackberry 7100t without problems in about 30 seconds.	
As the title of my review says, this is the best bluetooth headset I've ever owned.	
It is fully charged and clipped to my visor, I have even held the device in my hand.	
All are about the same in terms of the static.	
No drivers, it just works.	
If you are looking to buy a new phone this should be the one you consider.	
The Voyager 510 has the best sound by far, is comfortable for all-day wear, and was half the cost of my Jabra 500.	
I would recommend this item for the price!	
No biggie, just thought that you should know.	
After a few times of getting in and out of the car my phone stated popping off the clip, and once it fell in the water.	
The thing that makes this particular phone unique and very user friendly is it's texting ability.	
Lastly, the unit has a fast charger.	
The clasp is magnetic and barely feels strong enough to hold itself in place.	
It didn't work too.	
Also, it doesn't fit well on my ear because of its big pack.	
Tested with Sony earbuds and a car 3.5 input.	
Won't stay plugged in.	
Item works very well!.	
only one problem the battery life is horrible, dies in about one day.	
Bought this to use on a road trip with a 6 year-old.	
where is it???.	
Also, a lot of times you just lose the network and have to manually select the network.A phone's main functionality is talking.	
The noise mitigating technology is great.	
I originally got this so I can upload photos from my camera to my computer.	
A third person apologizes and adds that they will be sending you an additional bill.	
I thought I was having dropped calls when I realized my phone would just shut off (and no I didn't hit the power button).	
I ended up puting my old battery back in.	
Having problem pairing it with Sanyo M1(Sprint).	
I bought two of these packages almost three months ago.	
or for a friend.	
Boy was I wrong.	
To make a call over five minutes long I have to keep it plugged in, which defeats the purpose of having a mobile phone.	
Friends with other phones have much better cameras (LG's, Razr, etc..)*You cannot save text messages that you are in the process of writing.	
After looking around for a credit card case for my iphone 4, i ended up purchasing this one.	
Some scratches in the body and screen.	
The Samsung T509 - Wonderful phone.	
Just buy a better thicker one to protect your phone.	
Microphone works well to filter out wind and road noise.All in all this unit was a very good value and I would buy this again.	
this phone is good at everything but being a phone.	
Rather than bother with shipping it back, we're passing it around the family to see who can get good use of it.	
i really think it is cheaply made and not worth the money.	
Well after wasting hours of time and getting spotty results (at best) I gave up.	
Seller is very accomodating.	
I wouldn't trust myself to remember and I recommend you don't trust your $800 Smartphone to it.So me?	
But I carry it in a hard case so it's holding up nicely and still looks great.	
People can never hear you because you.	
Great Combo!.	
Never needed any help.	
It's not even worth it if it were free.	
Great value.	
Perfect for listening to music.	
At first, it seems like the fit is perfect... then after about 15-20 min.	
My other issue was that I e-mailed the seller several different times about the shipping.	
I've been using it with a Blackberry 8130.	
OK FOR THE PRICE.	
It was great for the first 8 months.	
love this headset had several have been most pleased with this one	
I think this is a good improvement on easy installation; but manually turn it on and off is a pain.	
Before I bought this I had to go outside to talk on my cell phone.	
I do highly recommend this item.	
Poor quality and wrong size.. I attempted to purchase a holster for my iPhone.	
It's small and easy to put in a pocket or purse, and is very convenient.	
awesome!!!!!.	
With this battery, it'll last me through the day if i'm using the phone.	
I got two boxes (the one I ordered and a reship) and none of the batteries were for the Audiovox 8920, instead they were for another model.	
You can hear that the device is being overdriven and much of the sound at certain frequencies is simply lost.	
The only redeeming feature was the Bluetooth, and it still did not sync correctly with Macs without additional software.	
the only drawback is when you take the case off you have to be very careful or the little tabs that hold them together will break off.	
I've had it on for 2 days straight and it still had a full charge.	
My friends cannot even tell that I'm calling over a cell phone.	
I can live with that shortcoming.	
it makes it difficult to answer incoming calls because it is off.	
(Although I never heard it myself, my callers sometimes experienced echo; overall sound quality was mediocre besides that.)5.	
Other clip on type of phone covers:I have been buying the lousy molded plastic covers at my local phone store for my Razr at about 10 bucks a pop.	
This is by far the best so far, it is really clear and the static is low, you can hear a pin drop with this mic.	
This item doesn't work.	
would be a great headset if the bluetooth reception was not so abysmal.	
I have used this model for two years now.	
I put a sponge cover on it from a pair of earbuds - Motorola might consider including in the future.	
In the end they decided to replace it for me.	
The first one o got had problems picking up a signal in certain areas.	
I wanted to be able to HotSync to Linux.	
I too purchased a battery for my phone and it came brand new in the original packaging at a fraction of the price of elsewhere.	
The battery I recieved had no more life than the battery it replaced!	
This was everything I would want in a phone holder.	
A must have for anyone that wants a quality stylus for their Zaurus.	
I will never do business with this seller again.	
I tried another one a few years ago and it did not work.	
I just got this case and it is great.	
I've been trying to get them to drop the overage charges but they say it is my fault for chabging my plan.	
This seems more temperamental than I initially thought.	
he had a clip one that kept falling off.	
After a couple of hours trying to pair the devices and constant googling I was sad that such a potential addition to the N800 would just not work.	
Great All Around Bluetooth Headset.	
Truly a product designed with the customer's happiness in mind.	
PC sees the phone when connected with no problem!	
Sound quality is very good.	
This arrived looking used, and it did not work.For the few bucks I paid, it is not worth the trouble to return it.	
This is the second time I have ordered 'Plantronics MX150 Flexible Boom Headset with 2.5 mm Plug'.	
In my opinion buying this FM transmitter is a gamble.	
The clerk stated that this problem in not uncommon.	
Most of the time, the service will not recognize my card number if the headset is on.	
as the title said, I am interested in getting this cool phone but i would like to keep the same no.	
I purchased this cable because I was interested in wireless internet connection.	
Very Pleased.	
The earpiece stays put due to the notches kinda design, not freewheeling like a monkey dangling by the rope.5.	
Cheap stuff that works well; listen to MP3s from a TX using Audio Gateway.	
I have been using my new graphite Visor Platnium for two days now.	
Also, they now come will phone capability, which worked beautifully!	
However, this product has enough flaws in its design to make it unacceptable for any phone.Bottom line on the Nokia HS-11W	
But it is sturdy and the attractive.	
I hope this review helps you make your best decision.	
My only complaint is not with the phone, but with T-Mobile.	
OK but not perfect.	
Motorola has not updated the software in-beded into the phone.	
So I called Verizon and they told me to call Motorola.	
The little green SE logo and embossing of the company name is also nice if your an accessory flasher like me and want the high end, name brand stuff.	
Looks cool but........ When I saw this phone in the store, I thought that it was cool.	
What a CROCK!!!!	
This wireless headset exceeded my expectations after having tried several others.	
Palm Treo Cover.	
What a waste of time!	
The swirl design on the back looks nice and upscale - not cheesy.	
This can often be the fault of the phone's Bluetooth implementation, not just the headset.	
It's not like you can toss your regular camera, but you'll use the phone camera.	
cable works, software does not.	
are NOT Java anyway) .	
The customer service for Amazon was a great help for any question that I had.	
(sanyo M1).	
Excellent product!.	
Good headset.	
Thanks to Amazon for having such hard to get items like this brand new in package.	
.it was very inexpensive, so I didn't say anything until now.	
Sony Ericsson W300i.	
Great Gadget that has more functionality that the iPhone.	
Shipping sucks.	
Do you want to buy Cingular phones that Cingular will not stand by?4.	
Two years ago,I bought two of these at $1.99 each and couldn't be more pleased.	
I use it all the time.	
Motorola bluetooth HS850.	
Easy to use phone and I like it but must be charged daily.	
damaged the battery.	
Either the party I am speaking to complains that I am 'breaking up' or I have trouble hearing them because they are breaking up.	
And I was given simply incorrect information which I had to wade through with more calls even to find out it was incorrect.	
As other reviewers have noted, the flexiskin does fit well on the Creative Zen Sleek player, but it is waaay overpriced.	
I see it on her phone and she says she is very happy with it.	
I have had mine for over a month, and the top flap does not crease and split after repeated opening like some other cases.	
I will get to the problems with the service.	
I hear people complain about their contract length but I guess it all depends on your perspective.	
It was even worse than my burnt out original battery.	
The sync function is fast and doesn't get interrupted like it does on my original cable.	
However, in the footnote section of the same page, there is "(Unlimited)No domestic roaming charges" Do they have roaming charge or not??	
A couple of freezes here and there, but nothing that a battery removal can't help.	
In the transparent plastic face is a round hole, which I can do without, that can permit the entrance of dust, water and other foreign matter.	
It also rotates, locking into different positions with a solid click.	
I like to keep in touch with friends, family and my new set of friends.	
Works as billed .	
Both phones dropped calls, had a lot of static and echoed.	
Unfortunately, the snap, which is used to secure the pouch in place on your belt, broke after two days of wearing it.	
With the wiring broken, the headphones are now totally useless.	
horrible headset...don't buy.	
I guess these aren't for everyone!	
So i did.....still dont have the product and i still didnt get my money back!!!	
It was defective right out of the box.	
When you are driving it is difficult to push it in and hold it without making the volume go up or down.	
Customer service ???	
The bottom line is the BT250V is a total piece of junk and it looks like I will take it on the chin for dealing with Amazon and JoWow.	
Good luck' for those deceived by 'good looks'.mp	
Don't know about V170/1	
This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel.	
This works fine, but not really worth it for just a few pics.	
I will add that I replaced the Sirius earphones with Ultimate Ears Super.fi 5 Pro Earphones and WOW what a difference!	
I am a little concerned, given its sensitive roll and touch, if it is going to last the 2-year contract period.	
You won't mind observing the hands free law with this item!	
Pretty decent phone, a few flaws.	
Overall, I'd say this is one of the worst consumer electronics products that I have ever purchased.	
After all the hype I had heard about this phone, I was disappointed when I got it.	
I'm taking it back to see if it's the phone or the headset.	
verizon girl.	
It works great!	
I bought this phone in May of 2003.	
I used this over this weekend and have to say it was crackly and awful.	
I got this phone after I read the Consumers Report recommendation.	
Jabra does not have a repair service.. Guess what?	
It is not thrown in my purse getting ruined.	
A little bulky, but the sound quality overcompensates generally.	
Misrepresentation of Features.	
I plan to cancel all Verizon services now.	
This happened according to plan...however, when I started the process to port my number from a Cingular wireless phone, the nightmare began.	
I watched the lights flicker as they should for my "band" and I saw a minimal improvement when right next to the box.	
V3xx Motorola Razr.	
Luckily I was able to repair my phone by myself.	
These were recommended for use on my Jawbone hands-free headset, and they work great.	
Fortunately we found another charger that fits without an issue.	
I hear nothing.	
If the clip were much smaller it could break more easily.	
At first it looked like it would be rather comfortable and work great.	
This product has not worked for me as no one can hear me well at all.	
This'll get you charged up!.	
Nothing I expected.	
Received Battery very quickly.	
Overall, I thought that this phone provided good features for the money.	
I bought two of these and both fell apart in less than a year.	
THANKS AMAZON YOU SAVED ME MONEY.	
They sound great but lack on bass.	
This is just an early review...feel free to email me later for an update.	
As good as Spiderpodium for half the price.	
I use it with a Motorola i870 Nextel phone.	
This is easily the best phone I have ever used, much more physically accomodating than any others (flip or non-flip).	
All around good.. I got this product fast; the first day that amazon said that i would.	
Have to reset once in a while.	
It works great and I bought 2 more for other devices that I use.	
The phone is more like a walkie talkie.	
I found it be a tad less receptive than my older Nokia 6101.	
I will have to wait for my phone to get to them, and them for my new phone to be sent back to me.	
Works fine so far.	
First, you can't do to much customization to it or it will shut off.	
I actually gave it to my friend who has a Treo 650 and uses a ring tone.	
I was very excited about bluetooth as being hands free is great when multi-tasking.	
You cannot use this device while it is charging.	
I got this to go with my new Savi headset.	
I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless you want to go crazy from that noice	
It was so simple to just pick my plan and phone and wait two days!	
No problem linking to my Blackberry Curve.	
There is no "hissing" or any back round noise.	
This headset takes care of that problem.	
So I handled them with extreme caution.	
It still says AT&T; every time you turn it on, in the menu, and on the battery cover.2.	
Unfortunately, I did try and take the front off to show someone and one of the little edge clips broke.	
Samsung doesn't offer loaner phone while your phone is sent into for repairPro:1.	
Obtained through Amazon in a matter of days and the earbud is working perfectly!	
Thank you Amazon for giving me a great deal.	
I mean I travel I work I talk I download text and my planner OMG I would be lost without a GREAT phone!	
The battery holds the charge for a long period of time (at least while the battery is still new) and the phone looks sleek.	
Cell phone holder.	
Do you own a PS3?	
ME OBSEQUIARON UN ESTUCHE Y UN CARGADOR PARA VEHICULO.	
Got a RAZR...Get a headset.	
Left it alone for a few months and tried it again, but it still sucks.	
Also, the rubber earpiece ripped and I could not find a replacement, rendering it unusable.	
I almost totally hate it.	
I needed a replacement charger for my Nokia 6205 phone.	
I have had cell phone belt clips and pager clips which have never come off, I feel as if it was a design flaw or perchance a fluke.	
I got this headset for listening to music on the Pearl 8100.	
I travel all of the US in my job and use the phone everywhere.	
The case fit my Razr V3M perfectly, just snap it on.	
There are many good reviews on 8525 positive features and most are fairly accurate.	
Didn't work.	
The side button will control the speaker volume when you are talking on the phone.4.	
I use my phone for my life!	
Screen unusable after 1 year and 4 months.	
The Treo has less memory but runs much faster because it is better optimized, and more importantly, has a touch screen.	
I can't keep my cell phone in my jean pocket and the earbuds on because its constantly yanking on my ear.	
The sounds are loud, the speakerphone is loud, but the speaker in normal talk mode is very quiet and impossible to hear in a semi loud room.	
If they had used a mini usb port, it would ahve made life simpler.	
I bought this for my KRZR and it doesn't fit.	
hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate.	
Do not buy a generic charger for a motorola phone.	
Doesn't work...yet.	
Just overlook all of those 5-star reviews because you would just set yourself up!!!	
I love that you can cut out inserts for the back faceplate!	
Includes a wall charger that's very small and worldwide voltage.	
Over all, this is not a bad phone.	
I just charge it and carry it with me when i travel!	
i don't know if the car charger works or not.	
The phonebook is aweful.	
It hangs down quite far and the collar of a coat can push on it - making it feel like it's going to fall off of your ear.	
No problems encountered.	
I bought this phone to use for international travel.	
Not a good buy.	
But the performance more than makes up for this small shortcoming.	
If I had been in a busy or loud location, the phone would have been most likely lost.I have to add that I do not abuse these.	
Palm TX Sync/Charger/Data Cable.	
For those of us who don't like carrying a lot of hardware around, it's a welcome compromise.	
Also, the behind-the-head design makes it impossible to lie down while using them.	
The retractable cord did work well though.	
Allow lots of time for experimenting and contacting support by email and awaiting responses if you're loading it onto a Dell Axim.	
It arrived earlier than expected.	
You will need recharge it every night.	
the hinge on this phone is faulty.	
Texting was a pain and with it being a European phone text the number 0 was not an option.	
Low battery indicator - you want to know if your headset is getting close to being out of juice.	
I have had great success with every Nokia product I have owned, until this one.Problems:1.	
Waste of time & money!.	
Upgrading from Kryocera 2255.	
This is not for every Nokia phone!	
the other thing is the pairing process was very finicky and I repeated it several times when I was unable to answer a call etc.	
FM radio and tons of features.	
I got this new phone for christmas and I love it so much.	
The charger arrived on time and I did not have any problems with the charger.	
I lost mine and I won't be buying this model again.	
No, but for the price, this will work just fine, especially for my teenage son.	
{ whitch} is my fault.B R K.	
But all in all, I'm happy with it.	
I bought it for my wife - now whe's in love with it.	
It didn't even last one day.	
It was throwed in the trash after having it a month.	
Didn't work for me.	
for a fill charge, and it goes dead in an hour and a half.	
It falls apart within a month of use.	
They both have the same problem.	
The sanyo katana is an impressive phone for those that want the super thin clamshell of the Motorola RAZR, with the power of sanyo.	
The security risk is too high.	
It is virtually impossible to remove the phone from a pocket or its clip, without accidently pushing one of these buttons.	
Bluetooth vs.	
I've only had the phone for a week but I am extremely pleased with the performance and funcitonality so far.	
I made several phone calls but only got empty promises that money would be returned.	
So far so good.... The battery has been reliable so far.	
I bought this battery online because I couldn't find anything compatible "on the street."	
Looks like there are a lot of companies advertising Treo cases across multiple models that they are not designed for.	
!Phones are used for Voice communication and it is absolutely essential that this feature works!!	
Luckily, it still works!	
Unfortunatley, style cannot compensate for poor performance.	
I'm going back to Motorola.	
& THE PHONE WAS FROPED THE ANTENNA WAS BROKEN SO I HATED IT AFTER 1 YR SO I'M GLAD I'M !GONNA GET!	
Bluetooth great, just not this product.	
The V9's 2MB quality picture is the best yet.	
The company was prompt in delivering this product.	
One caveat.	
handsfree supertooth II.	
Uncomfortable with glasses.	
The phone was still on, but the screen was white.	
I searched both Skype's and Motorola's websites, and found only basic information on common causes of interference.	
I say if you want a good wireless headset that has top sound quality for music, than this is the headset for you	
Would have opted for the extended battery even though it will not fit in our existing case.	
Not much I can say, it's a data cable and it does what it's supposed to.	
I know it's kinda delecate and it scratches easily, but that's normal wear and tear.	
I would recommend this product to anyone, with a cell phone.	
phone clip.	
Battery does hold a charge for a good 5 1/2 hours.	
I've been using Palm Pilots on and off ever since they came out, so this just "feels" right.3.	
Doesn't work.	
Didn't work for me.	
Unfortunately, this bluetooth did not live up to my expectations.	
It fits really good and the rubber grip on the sides makes my Note easier to hold.	
Well worth the price.	
This is not a 6' cord.	
), as it supposively works with the 3650.	
I see no reason to pay the big bucks.	
BUY IT AT YOUR RISK.My money is gone forever, it seems !	
People I talk to can hear me well.	
I would not suggest buying this case, it was definitely a waste of my money.	
Good basic phone if you get it for free.	
You can hear it whirring.	
This one don't work.	
The headset works great, sometimes it disconnects for a moment and I just press the button on the side of the headset and it reconnects.	
The earhooks can be purchased separately, but at $1-2 each, it would cost several hundred dollars a year to keep an earhook on the headset.	
All good - As advertised.	
This metal is subject to metal fatigue, and easily breaks.	
Didn't last long.... I bought this mid Oct 2005 and it has died.	
No such luck I'm afraid.	
Only ONE thing wrong!!!!!!.	
I haven't even got the item yet.	
Good Enough.	
I looked for a replacement of my original cell phone battery.	
I also have wireless internet, text, multimedia, and instant messaging.	
Hard to get phone to link up to headset.	
Had problems losing connection at times as well.	
The only reason I've had two is because my first one got stolen!	
Thanks a million.	
Maybe there's some phone it's capable of charging properly, but not the one advertised.n Don't waste your money on this dud product.	
Not even worth $15.	
T-Mobile is my carrier and had all the info necessary.	
And if you're an existing t-mobile customer, their are no activation fees.	
If you want to actually USE the phone and have some extra features look elsewhere.	
Does not establish solid connection to phone.	
Just all useful features are blocked, and what is left augmented with something you not gonna use or pay for.	
I purchased a genuine one for only $15 more than the price of the knock-ff.	
Had some paring issues in the beginning with the feeder that was included but that cleared up.	
Perhaps the other users got an earlier model.	
I've had this one less than six months and have had nothing but problems.	
Good price, poor buy.	
this is a great camera case.	
Until I got my iPod Touch which has bluetooth function, I regained the pleasure of listening to this headset.	
We use these down in Mexico.	
Works about half the time.	
Your other choice would be V600 or Sidekick 2.	
On checking with USPS they mentioned some mix up at their end resulting in package going back.	
But only AFTER you've already taken a picture, not before.	
THE ALARM SUCKS, ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO GET SERVICE ANYWHERE!	
The speaker is loud and fairly clear, but the earpiece does not fit securely on my ear, which is very frustrating.	
I spend a lot of my talking time on the road so it is very important for me to have the headset work, so I'm very displeased with my situation.	
To date, there is only 1 flaw I have found with the unit.	
It does Not have a closure on the top so my new bluetooth kept falling out.	
(Too small?	
There's not much one can say about a car power adapter for a cell phone.	
In addition, most new cell phones come with blue tooth devices, and no plug for the etymotics device.	
No problems connecting it to my Chocolate and the sound and functions are fine.	
Sure enough, buying blind comes with a price (in addition to shipping).I have a Samsung E105 phone.	
But if you ignore that it works pretty well for the price and the look is shnazzy too.	
Don't Buy!.	
The Treo can do email, play music, videos (e.g.	
The idea seemed great, but in just a few days, the product stopped charging my phone.	
the battery has only 6-8 hours of standby time.	
That's a great price plus I can re-use my existing battery.	
Wifi, bluetooth 2.0, 3G spees, etc.	
AMAZON's new logo is to become the most customer centric company on earth.	
The blue tooth wireless ear peice works great too.	
It may be that my 6800 is locked, I'm not sure how to tell if it is or not.	
weak, easily broken.	
*Drop calls.	
Nice compact headset, but will not stay coneected to my Treo 700P.	
I purchase this bluetooth headphone to listen to music off my motorola cell phone.	
Unlike the earpiece the speaker-phone is really quiet.-You cannot read the screen in the sun very well.	
The radio on my Nokia, however, cannot play through the headphone because it requires attachment of a line cord which acts as an antenna.	
The cable was shipped promptly and a great price.	
At the price I got it for, I have to give it 4!	
Not much difference than than the reception of the landline.	
I charged it yesterday with my computer and got to listen to an album and a half before it died.	
Wrong plug.	
B) If you have access to a volt meter, take a reading on solder points where the wires from the solar collector are soldered.	
jabra a210 bluetooth adapter for universal headset jack.	
there is exactly the same functionality as with any other keyboard (cmd-C, cmd-V etc.	
It comes with ver 1.5 which doesn't support voice command via BT headset, but you can still pickup and end calls via BT.	
Could NOT get this item to stay on my ear!!!	
I read the instructions which pretty much amount to	
Broke off in my hand right out of package the 1st time I put it on my belt.	
The instructions make this appear like a relatively fool-proof process, which it is not.	
Poorly constructed.	
It has good features.	
Great headset, works well with my motorola v220 cellphone!	
I cannot stress enough that if you are searching for a case that will withstand any test you put to it, body glove is the one.	
That was partially my fault because one should always save numbers to the SIM card, but it still should not have happened.	
Not User friendly.	
***update*** I've had this phone for a few more months now and I actually am starting to like this little sucker quite a bit more.	
About What I Expected.	
If I knew that it was so dificult to install/ configure this product, I would not have bought it.	
I've had to drain the battery until it shuts off, charge it overnight, and then I would have battery life for 1.5 days.2.	
I erase what I do not use.	
I have only been using the battery for a couple of days, but it appears to be working like the factory original so far.	
to dial a number u must have it open.the games function is cool too.	
Not Genuine, Save your money.	
This is a great phone for style and looks...But these days, you want it all on a phone.	
I looked at adding a "direct connection" with DICE or other device, but didn't want the hassle of installation along with the cost.	
Onwing this phone and being with Cingular has been the most painful customer experience I have ever had.	
The price was great, shipping cheap and quick.	
SANYOS ARE NOT GOOD PHONES!!	
It is paired with two Motorola E815 cell phones.Pros	
Couldn't even put phone in pants pocket and hear callers.	
Most annoying is the one number per name contact list, and the lookup by only the first letter.	
this is not original samsung WEP200 I owen one that right i know I purchase at FRy compare the one I buy in Fry and amazon is total different.	
Why on earth would you buy this phone if you don't like those things?	
Love It!!!!.	
Not a long-term solution.	
BUYER BEWARE!.	
Gave as gift.	
Not loud enough and the range is not-as-advertised.. I planned to use these headphones while doing yardwork, including mowing and weed whacking.	
You can't beat it!	
It is more dangerous to drive using it than just talking into the handset.	
A 3 year old can work it.	
Very disappointed.	
Great Value, Works Well.	
I do get a lot of looks with it... but only if they knew how much I wished I had the ... Motorola V600...	
It holds a charge about as long as the one I had before, which is a year old now.	
But please, whatever you do, don't wear it around everywhere like a complete idiot.	
Only complaint is that the thin piece of material that covers the outer edge of the product comes off easily.	
Waste of money.	
This is not the correct battery and the company that sent it tried to fix the problem, but it never worked out.	
Apparently there's either a new version, or an international version, that has a spring inside the button that requires a harder press.	
every time i try calling my friends out on my bike or something, i have to jam the fone up to my ear just to hear them.	
Good luck finding a better one!	
The style is nice as well.	
Third, the phone is too big, compared to others in it's class to have a leather case.	
Now, 18 months later the camera no longer works, but I didn't use it all that much to begin with.	
Do NOT BUY a K1m.	
If only they had one with 2 Mini USB ends to use with the newer headsets!	
I will say that the return and cancellation process went smoothly (so far, haven't received final bill yet!)	
Tried on multiple cars.	
Super cool charger with blue light.	
My 3-year old battery was only lasting 20-30 mins.	
I use this case with an iphone 4 that has a pixel skin bumper.	
And twice when I forgot to mail my payment I got a $5 charge - but they did not just cut off the service.	
When I got up the following morning, I tried the Audio Streamer again, without doing anything else to it, and it worked.	
get the Motorola Razor V3tit is the black one for T-mobileit has a memory card and the motorola symbol on the from flip lights up blue its amazing!!	
Excellent product at an excellent price.	
Sprint is deceptive.	
For those wishing to use it on the LG 5300 please be aware there appears to be no driver included for your phone.	
When I start voicedail, instead of hearing "Please say a command", I just hear "...mand".	
It does not fit.	
I had a Treo 600 that was replaced three times due to failure of the earpiece and other hardware problems.	
is the most common response in using this headset after two weeks.	
Either their negotiation skills suck at Amazon or they're making a ridiculous profit.	
-1 star Does not work.	
I bought this phone about 2 years ago.	
I had the worse time and then when I tried to contact seller I kept getting automated emails.	
I ordered this phone because my husband's favorite color is Blue and he just had a Razr V3.	
This is the third time I've purchased this item, and it likely won't be the last.	
I bought the Zip-Linq AC Wall Plug usb adapter as an inexpensive alternative to the official Apple charger.	
here is a news flash the razr sucks okay.	
All the necessary holes are punched out exactly where they should be.	
And my lastest headache, "The SIM card registation failed", it does this all day long allowing me to miss calls.	
I googled around only to find out that this is a very common problem with the 8525.	
The only negative thing I have to say about it is the cord length.	
It worked quite well in the beginning.	
The magnet is a great feature!	
didnt really work for me.	
Bought for a V530, works perfect.	
Does What I Need It To.	
I have to turn the music off, and roll up the windows.	
As a true gadget freak, when I say it is my most treasured device, that means A LOT!!	
It does not pair with anything.	
I thought it was just a milage limitation.	
It charges very quick with the wall charger it comes with, too.	
The quality was very cheap as the cord was so fragile that it looked like it would tear any minute.	
Looks nice but doesn't work in my car.	
By then Amazon would no longer exchange the phone, I sent it back to Moto via UPS.	
Light and easy to use.	
I don't use it that often and I can't afford to pay $50 a month for something I don't need.	
Most Impressed.	
Overall I am loving this product.	
It's not as sleek and pretty as my samsung, but it's more stylish than I had originally thought and it's got a nice feel to it.	
This is a very useful little device!.	
Believe it or not, it can be a bit tricky to put it on, but not impossible.	
I have to have my phone search for the item in order for me to use it each time I turn it on.	
I have tried 10 or more different Bluetooth headsets since they have come out, and to be quite honest, they suck.	
I read all the reviews and decided that for the price that this product was being sold I would risk it.It is a really odd product.	
I've had it for 3 months now.	
However, I went through two cords trying to get good contact with my phone.	
I've had this phone for 8 months, and it's been nothing but trouble.	
Simple as that.	
To be fair, I got this headset for free when I purchased the Samsung ACE from MobileESPN in September 2006.	
Universal Adapter Is NOT Universal!!!.	
Lightweight to the point of cheapness and didn't even fit my car's power jack.	
The next one says no, you have to cancel it.	
The Blackberry 7100 is vastly superior for a few signifigant reasons.The reasons are the smaller size of the Blackberry 7100 is outstanding.	
Buy the palmOne Treo 600/650 Stereo Headphone Adapter instead.	
The AC and auto charger work just fine.	
it worked well.	
I find the clip convienece as it allows for easy transport of your phone and offers a higher level of protection of your phone.	
If you are not a Blackberry user, this will likely be not a good choice for a first smart phone.	
I own this phone for year and half, and in very first few weeks I started having trouble in charging the phone.	
I have so many beefs with this phone after a year and half of use.	
This is very small and compact.	
you dont have to open your phone to place a call.	
I had to pull out the manual.3.	
Don't buy used batteries.	
I will have to ask Amazon to intervene and recover my money.Dave	
I don't know why a phone that's been out only a month wouldn't have the most recent version of WM.	
This headset has been the best in that regard, though there is still some minor discomfort.	
THE BEST!!!.	
The Plantronics is the best by far but not perfect.	
)The earbuds are average quality, useable but not exceptional.	
I am able to carry out long (1 hr.)	
Good - But Could be Better.	
It allows you full access to the buttons, but you have to get used to having a barrier surrounding the button.	
Great Product.	
Having the VGA camera is great, specially when I don't have my digital cameras on hand and just want a snap to e-mail.	
I bought this remote because it was reccomended for the Ihome I was buying the remote did not work with that ihome or the ihome ih5.	
Again, I go through the steps (Picture to contact)but somehow I have to do it twice, maybe it's user error.	
It is better than me other Motorola phones.	
I will have to ask for yet another replacement.	
Also, camera is great.	
As long as you have the right type of RAZR for the case, it fits perfectly.	
thats crazy.	
Nice idea to keep the Palm on your belt, but this design is not durable	
I purchased the Treo because of the $100 rebate from Wirefly.	
i highly recommend this item.	
The v551 has quad band for international roaming and the sim card is 64k for now because cingular and at&t are intergrating there networks.	
As long as you install correctly, it will work.	
People on the other end reported they could not understand me.	
I got WM6 installed on it, I like the new interface, it works.	
The sound from this headset rocks!	
Does everything it said it would 4 the 8940...I thought it would b difficult...everything installed and worked fine...fast delivery	
If you need more maybe you're just fooling yourself.	
I couldn't imagine wearing it for extended periods.	
Very nice when you just want a LITTLE hint of color!	
Sound quality is good and very comfortable.I have seen other copies of this mike under another brand name for a little less, but sill a decent value.	
Do not be fooled by the ultra sleek sexy look of this phone!I have never experienced so many annoying situatations with any other phone.	
It is very lightweight and comfortable to wear.	
This is remarkably well made.	
Unbelievable.Do not go with Cingular.	
I bought this thinking that I would be able to charge my phone, it doesn't work.	
Then she said those words, "Mom, did you take the phone out of my pocket, because I left it in there.	
Otherwise, the only thing missing is a noise canceling feature (though I'm not sure I really miss it).	
GOOD SELLER provide Good product!!.	
Motorola battery.	
It stopped working - plugged it it - and the batteries would not take charge.	
After doing that it worked fine until a week later.	
The leather is higher quality than most cell phone pouches, but this product is fairly useless to the average user.	
It works right after out of the box.	
This product surpasses my old one in quality by a mile.I am very happy with it, has a very clear sound quality on both sending and receiving end.	
But, it does not turn off when the power is disconnected.	
Great Case.	
During one billing period the phone connected to the internet by itselft over 1,500 times.	
All of my other electronics worked fine in the converter.	
Got the razor and I gotta say it's great.	
I would not recommend this item to anyone and will never purchase from this seller again.	
This headset is very convenient and comfortable.	
I am not satisfied at all.	
the only problem is it hangs quite frequently when i receive a call.	
I just recently got this.	
I thought maybe I just got a defective one.... Most everyone else seems to like it.	
That means chargers, batteries, desktop chargers, etc.	
While it does bend and expand to "adjust" to a wider fit, it seems to get tighter on the ends that go in your ear.	
With a price this low it is hard to fault it al long as it still charges my phone	
Would not buy again.	
This is a MINI USB male connector!!!.	
I live in New York and thought that it would be a problem.	
motorola mini phone charger.	
Good sound Awful to wear.	
etcOne minor problem	
They have no warranty.	
horrible ringtones, downloads bad, poor reception.	
Disappointed, I sent it back immediately.	
It is very attractive and quite shiny--not matte, like the first run of covers and the m100 itself.	
1st time nextel customer -shoulda done more consumer research before opening a business acct.	
Great Phone.	
I could also go on and on about the horror of trying to get PALM and VERIZON to own up to this fact and give me a different phone...ANY Phone.	
It will also charge directly from the USB cable.MP3 PLAYERThe MP3 player seems to be an afterthought, and is not well thought out.	
Especially those who are using a Blackberry.	
It works very well, great volume, little background noise, easy to use.	
The pocket charger is really great.	
Does what it is supposed to.	
First phone stopped working in 2 months -- just turned itself off and would not come back on.	
Yes, the phonefeels nice.	
Well worth the money, and then some.	
I purchased this headset with very high hopes.	
Vonage IS Dante's 5th Ring of Hell.	
Happy surfing and God bless!	
Then they said I must have erased the software (how???)	
The cord of this headset is tightly wound and tied when packaged.	
How he is still able to sell on this site after doing the same thing to other customers.	
The zipper is pretty crappy and cheap, sometimes it unthreads itself from just pressure places on the casing.	
Attaches to my purse edging very easily.	
i think it the best case out right niw	
The same thing happened.	
I have had to send this phone back twice due a slow reaction time and freezing.	
While I have small ears, this was the best fit and felt the most secure.	
The battery seems to last a good long time.	
It's suppose to be the best in noise cancelling, along with the voyager pro, but I've never had any complaints from my plantronics products.	
It works for me.. I got this so I can talk and drive.	
D) Re-splice to opposites (connect red to black; black to red).	
Poor Quality.	
Same result.	
I only need one hand to open it.	
Broked after 5 weeks.	
I like them I think the sound is good and the weight is light.	
This is the same charger you can find at your cellular dealer, no problems with it at all.	
Verizon didn't want to replace the load of crap.	
When you see the Silicone skin case or even the description of it, you tend to think hard molded plastic.	
dash mount for mobile phone.	
Even while driving i didn't find any difficulty in using this headset.	
That's what I asked for.	
I tried it for about a week, then I exchanged it for a replacement-same thing.	
I talked to the employee at the Cingular store about this design.	
It paired easily with my RAZR V3c and operated with no problems.	
Great Product.	
Charge time was quick enough.Only drawback, and a minor one, is the lenght of the cord.	
Of course I think it was on sale for one cent so you get what you pay for.	
I find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.	
So much easier and safer than trying to reach for my phone in my purse while I'm driving, too.	
The sound was fine, as was reception.	
Got this phone on a second try..... When I first went in the store to upgrade my phone, I got talked into getting a LG CU500.	
However, I did not have it very long in my hometown before I moved to Columbus Ohio.	
The magnet is strong enough that it works through the folded back flap on my Galaxy III!	
Montorola usb wall charget.	
I get it to work as a charger now by only putting the connector in at an angle so it doesn't get hung up.	
The battery was a great replacement/backup - and the car charger works fine.	
He had to exchange the first unit because the ear piece came apart, exposing wires.	
The screen needs better resolution.	
They also say that they are going to charge a $9.95 "handling fee" regardless of the reason for the refund.	
You can not move quickly through functions, keypad is awkward, battery life is horrible, reception is horrible.	
So after reading the return policy, I can't return the broken unit.	
Almost weird how it works.	
(But then again I notice that sprints customer service has been lacking in every aspect) So I don't think I will renew when the time comes up.	
I let the original charge on the battery go completely out.	
this phone is easy to work but the speaker phone is like a kids toy.	
The fact that you cannot hear what you want/need to hear reduces the rating for these from a potential 5-star to a 2.	
I really didn't like this product, i could never hear anything.	
I initially bought this item because my brother's computer stopped working and he had no way to charge his Zune.	
I still have my warranty for another month but i'm not willing to replace this phone for the 3rd time.. it's a waste of time!	
Received quickly and in good condition.	
It gets "dropped" by my phone constantly.	
Not good enough for $99.	
got the wrong size battery, not the one i ordered.	
Easy come easy go...	
If Samsung could figure out a better way for this to stay in your ear, I would be all over it.	
It's range is much greater than I expected.	
Since I don't want a qwerty keyboard, I need another way to enter data quickly and switch to different programs.	
Broke my Treo.	
The sound is decent though I have a certain amount of trouble talking into space while trying to hold this plastic rectangle close to my ear.	
Works in your car and in an outlet also.	
Once I got the 640, I had difficulty getting the pocket charger and the AC charger to connect.	
I still love it, but some of its limitations have become apparent.	
Downsides and Alternatives.	
The headset works like they say and is easy to use.	
It has great reception, the sound quality is superb, and is very very sturdy.	
But, Motorola needs to improve the video feature.	
I use my cell as my main phone and have a bluetooth headset so obviously it's getting its work done.	
And it's not worth the money to send it back.	
Good phone sold with troublesome offers.	
The headset can be used on both ears which is a big plus and the packaged charger charges the unit quite fast.	
go for t610.I am going to return my phone and buy another T610 for my family plan.	
cell phone.	
Buyer beware... do not buy Sprint.	
This item is very light anf fits to my ear very easily.	
Luckily I had phone insurance.	
K1 help on the phone is helpful, yet going on-line and looking at K1 forums even more helpful.	
I recommend this product to everyone!!	
HIM AND I BOTH GOT NEW UPGRADED PHONES AND WE LOVE THEM.	
We kept waiting.	
I dont feel confort with this product.	
Height aside, the case I got is WAY TOO NARROW for any Razr.	
The design of the bluetooth is nice and compact.	
I stress the 'little' part.	
Excellent buy!.	
Lightweight and sleek but comfort needs improvement.	
Although this phone is thin and looks nice.	
New battery for old phone.	
Battery for blackberry.	
The pink color is bright and doesn't match anything but my phone is pink and it doesn't disappear if placed around other things!	
do not buy this.	
I had similar problems with an early version of the VX7000 LG phone too.	
I love it!!!!!!!!.	
Works great.	
The device is at a great price and works very good.	
No external antennae so it is clean.	
I would defintly order from them again!	
DOES NOT WORK AT ALL.	
I would not hesitate to buy from them again.	
Great sound.	
Great Value!!!.	
Like the general ease of use.Thanks for the reviews!	
Nice but useless.	
I need a charger and i don't have one right now.I can't believe it.	
I would recommend this charger if looking for one to replace the original.	
great horizontal case for iPhone.	
I bought this bluetooth from Dbroth through Amazon.	
LOVE THEM!!!!.	
Moto Cig Lighter Review.	
Shaky platform, worse service.	
After one week, the fragile earhook fell off and Samsung offers no replacement.	
All it has is a DEMO for bejeweled.	
You still get what you pay for.	
hearing loss.	
Quality of the product is great for the price.	
It syncs up with my home PC with no problems using the included USB data cable.	
As is true for most Bluetooth devices, the practical day-to-day range is on the order of 10-15 feet, which is still quite useable.	
when I received it there is no instruction in English at all.	
When it arrived I charged it, paired it with my phone and PC.	
I have own the Sanyo cellphone for a month now, and it has been a horrible month for me to use this cellphone.	
but i've had it less than a few months and it's already peeling and cracking.	
When I press green phone, I get a "Call Failed" message immediately.	
2 of which did not work.	
I use it every day.	
My only complaint with this phone is that its capacity to access web URLs is too small, which is not a huge deal for me.	
I really don't get excited about cell phones and I generally think that most products are "ok" or "not bad".	
!So now that we know it washes up good, how about the rest of the phone?	
This one is a little uncomfortable, but only because I have never found an ear bud style that wasn't - I prefer the foam pads.	
The comfort level is also a nice plus, its very comfortable and I forget its there sometimes.	
The Jabra headset answer button did not work.	
u can also take video clips, and drag them into a video clip editor and make mini movies with transitions.	
It is a great headphone, the volume is good and it works very well.	
I'm happy with it for what it is.............	
So far it has worked and not peeled, so if you're not a perfectionist it's a decent buy.	
piece of junk.	
No complaints, sound is clear and they are comfortable.	
Not all that comfortable and unuseable outdoors.	
This hands free kit is a great idea, it requires very little installation and it keeps your hands on the wheel while driving and talking.	
I missed the reviews before I ordered & I shouldn't have bought it.	
Including time for various stops along the route, the headphones are used for 3-to-4.5 hours per day.	
I am furious and have returned my blackberry to cingular for a full refund.	
that was pretty bad ... cause wisconsin isnt that far away!	
So that was all useless to me.	
The battery was dying.	
Went ahead and bought it on Amazon.	
Check this site out for more info.	
Have to recharge the battery after two days.	
Design good, but life bad.	
First, when I first opened the keyboard there is an instructional sticker on the keyboard that you have to peel off.	
This is a phenomenal prodcut, the blackberry fits into this very snugly.	
And with the background noise reduction virtues of this phone, I was impressed.	
The pairing was easy and the voice quality is good.	
HORRIBLE cont.	
This phone sucks A**.	
Although I haven't used the small belt-clip attached to the back, it looks like it would be comfortable to wear.	
In fact, it makes things worse.	
This phone is the thinnest phone you ever had!	
Which makes the phone look terrible.The speaker phone is horrible.	
Wife didn't like hers at all.	
The battery life is just plain terrible.Its very fragile, I had to purchase a case for it, because my phone likes to fly out of my hand !	
Setup was easy with my Palm 700p and PowerBook G4 (Skype).	
I tasted Windows Mobile 2005, so I am now spoiled and have to not like 2003 SE.	
The sound level actually doubles.	
For every one I have to return I lose an hour of my time.	
It keeps losing the signal if there's anything in between the phone and the headset pendant.	
The audio level seems pretty low.	
I love this skin; it protects my Blackberry Pearl all the time and the price was OUT OF SIGHT compared to $12 and $14 at your Tmobile stores.	
great stereo sound.	
The product works well although the setup is a little strange.	
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!	
The V330 had many good features, which are continued here.	
what a waste of money and I'm very disappointed.	
Its a bright pink	
Used / Condition on recieving Item.	
I was a little skeptical buying a OEM battery for my 'berry online.	
They'll just ignore you.	
I bought this pocket pc phone thinking it would solve my problems of juggling phone, organizer, and e-mail functions.	
Cool phone...but came with UK charger and Japanese Menus.	
Buttons are covered by case and I think it is easier to operate on the fly.	
I have been using Plantronics products for over 10 years because I like their earpiece style.	
I think that looks a bit more professional.	
It's a good value for the money.	
Best of all the price has come way down!	
Went through a washer and dryer..... Ok, I am going to make this really short.	
Seems to have quite a few ads on the ticker so far.. bleah.Acessing the net for the channels on the ticker is very easy.	
Poor Quality.	
In a 2 minute converstation you were calling back the caller 3-4 times.	
Clamshell design with big color screen with SVGA quality2.	
With the $20 rebate offered last month, trying this was a no brainer.	
I wish someone could come up with a better idea for something to carry it in.	
I do think the one area Samsung is better is the quality of the image from the camera.	
If Amazon allowed it, I would move this to 4 stars for a 650 and five stars for a 7xx series Treo.	
Worse then my old battery.	
I use this phone in a relatively noisy office, so binaural design was important to me to block out unrelated noise.	
It was the only case we could find at the time for the Treo 680.	
The final straw was when I went to put it on and a piece broke of so now there is no way to put the thing on my ear unless I hold it.	
The wire the comes with this is extremely cheap, and the wires have messed up somehow at the 1/8" connection side.	
The ear pieces are comfortable and the sound is clear.	
Good Product.	
The only downside I can see is that the volume control buttons are pretty small and are somewhat awkward for a user with larger hands.	
(E.g., to see a list of running applications, press and hold the OK button.	
Again, I have not done ANYTHING to damage this phone.	
If I plug the Blackjack to computer speakers from the adapter, sound is OK.	
It is so convinient to be able to check your e-mail from anywhere without paying any extra money, besides using your minutes.	
The ear piece also folds down which makes it easy to get on in the "mid" position.	
If you're looking for a nice pouch-type case, however, this is a good bet (and a good buy).	
In fact, if you try to scroll the way they tell you to (they as in everyone who has complained about it), it IS annoying.	
It's minimal, lightweight, and has a pleasant grippy texture.	
I really HATE it.	
Within a week my son couldn't hear out of the the left side of these headphones!	
I am not going to speak bad about their customer service because they tried.	
My original white head piece that came with my phone died.	
If you don't NEED a phone right away wait a few weeks since Verizon is releasing a few new models.	
This occurs about every 30 seconds.	
After a long search for a charger for my Creative Zen Vision	
It has come to the point where I don't even want to answer the phone anymore when it's ringing due to the fear of have to say "What?"	
Not so that I can use it again.	
They replaced a holster that broke right after I opened it.	
Not for Blackberry8220.	
This wouldn't be bad, but he direct connect microphone is located on the opposite side of the phone.	
God Bless again.	
(I just dont like the blinking blue light) LoL... Take Care All...	
Best phone features and interface.	
If you see me walking down the street with a wire in my ear, gesturing wildly, and arguing with invisible beings, please help me!	
Cool, and if you aren't a camera freek, excellent.	
The screen is one of the best I've seen.	
dont bother with this one.	
Once you lock the phone.	
It was an amazing difference.	
I know it's bulky, but is it sweet to use@!	
The case I received is not Tuxedo SuitUp.	
Angry at HP.	
Don't buy this phone.	
Unfortunately, that's about the extent of its qualities.	
Do not buy any phone or service from T-mobile.	
I don't use the headset everyday, so I can handle that part just fine.	
It is suppose to be more compatible to the tro 650,but it seems that other Blue Tooths would work just fine with the treo 650 if not better.	
Great Item!.	
I got my adaptor in time for my out of country visit.	
Excellent quality and it fitted my husband's phone so well.	
It is prone to often crashing and locking up.	
After hours of charging, the battery level increase only say 30% comparing to full charged if using the regular power adaptor.	
The camera quality is not good it looks too grey even when you adjust the settings.	
The phone does shut itself off.	
When I did actually take calls (and call out), I cannot count the number of times I've had my call dropped.	
Huge amount of background noise.	
The speaker phone is a joke too.	
you can not go wrong with this product.	
It sounds great with my car speakers, and I love that I can leave it in the car plugged in without the cord getting stepped on!!	
In spite of his review and that of others, I decided to give the Treo 700w a try.	
I have to say that this is one of the most poorly designed products that I have seen in a while.	
It has also given me one more reception bar.	
)One downside; it is not easy for me to get it comfortable without the wire digging into the back of my ear.	
I picked them up to head out for work and the piece that fits in the ear fell off.	
Good clarity, voice dialing works flawlessly and can even hear MP3 and video sound through the headset.	
Plus Sprint data plans are WAY cheaper.	
I bought this phone from amazon which was delivered in timely fashion and the phone is really cool with excellent battery life	
The pictures are good for a camera phone, but that is not why I bought this phone.	
Also, this phone featured a 1.3 megapixel camera, and it actually takes decent pictures.	
I cant even enjoy all the phones feathers because the battery drains too fast!	
no good for working out.	
But when you need the phone, an easy press on the top releases phone quickly.	
I had been needing batteries for 2 phones for a while and saw the price of these as compared to the local cell phone company's price.	
Since this cable is serial, it can be used for debugging and unlocking.	
Great phone, no cool features.. This phone is good... it doesn't have all (or even very many) of the deluxe features that the more expensive ones do.	
To put this into perspective, I SELL cell phones for a living.	
Not for Ipod.	
Once I didn't bring my wallet and put my cell in the top pouch and it was top heavy and wobbled around the whole ride.	
It charges my phone exactly like my old charger did, and the price was much lower than buying one through my phone provider.	
It was charged fully when I received it, but after it lost it charge, it has not been charging properly since.	
Don't buy it, get a phone with BUTTONS!	
HOw could anyone like a fee that simply amounts to increased product cost that the producer disguises as a "fee".	
It is good value for the money.	
battery lasts 8-10 hours.	
They put me on hold again.	
This phone is made with the concept of form over function in mind.	
I bought the crystal this time... Once again a product perfection!	
)My big problem, though, is that the software is still flaky.	
It's a bad quality product.	
There are two versions for non-bluetooth phones with 2.5mm jack.	
just died after like a month of use.never again.	
Razr phone.	
Ordered it Tuesday... received it Thursday.	
I often work outdoors and haven't had the problems seeing the screen that some other reviewers have reported.	
however after having it now for 4 months its nothing but crap.	
Have to speak very loudly when using my cell phone3.	
Can't beat it for the money!.	
(I lost the first one) I am in the communications business and expect a lot from my equiepment & services.	
Yes the Blue Tooth is CRIPPLED.	
Ordered 2...just in case I lost one again.	
Spend a little more for a quality product.	
It landed on a cement sidewalk, remained intact, and works great.	
The only issue is the pop-out microphone can malfunction.	
I will never do business with them again, and would advise against it.	
No tech problems at all and it is an all around an awesome phone for any purpose.	
my background is in RF communications so i was doubtful, but the little unit really does a great job.	
I previously used to own a Nokia 6600 and used to curse it for it slow response and big size.	
I could hear others, and others could hear me fairly well.	
Needed USB connector for an old Sony Ericsson W518a.. Needed USB connector for an old Sony Ericsson W518a - works great!	
I ended up buying an extension plug at wal-mart out of desperation.	
I am a gadget junky.	
man this phone SUCKS.... god man i first got the phone and i took it back to my house and turned it on and it didnt have any service.	
Smart Phone needs tweeking but works for me.	
You can link up to four phones at one time.	
THE BEST P.D.A.	
It works great.	
Purchased the Jabra BT250V bluetooth headset for an LG VX8300 cell phone.	
The problem with this headset is it has almost no bass response.	
Installing is a real B + itch!~	
No wonder it is not on sale anymore.	
Hard to install.	
The colors are t610 are much better than this.6.	
It is stylish for sure and very easy to use.	
Breaks easily.	
Thank you for your services.	
Coverage inside is good in most of the house including basement.	
Awesome price!	
not that high quality, and it was the wrong cover.	
awesome phone.	
My old headset had to be re-paired every time I turned off the PS3.	
I've enjoyed it immensely and have found that it's well worth the money.	
With Bluetooth turned on, battery life is short.	
I've brought it back to the store (only to get a refurb to replace it), and the problem persists.	
The case is slim, so it fits inside a holster as well, although that's a tight fit.	
The noise cancellation still didn't work.Additionally, the sound quality was poor when using the ear buds that came in the package.	
I received the USB cable just a few days ago and so far I am pleased with it.	
Yes my phone was on the whole time, yes i restarted it during the three days, and yes i could make outgoing calls.	
The first stopped working after two years.	
I can only keep about 8-10 HiFi Ringers on my phone without having to delete a few other things from it.	
Doesn't seem too bulky and seems to fit fairly secure.	
I'm pairing mine with a Motorola RAZR V3xx phone so there should be no compatibility issues.	
I have an old cell phone, a kyocera candid and was unable to find a newbattery for it until I checked Amazon.com.	
If long distance call you better off using the cell.	
My phone will only charge if i keep the charger's connector pressed to the right.	
The design of the phone is cool.	
Not up to expectations in comfort and quality/Poor instructions and tech support!.	
I purchased this phone from Amazon.	
I ordered 2 combo packs	
Where is it?.	
The date has now pasted after a weeks time and I now need to spend more time to get it resolved.	
I have found the versitility to be quite good and especially enjoy connecting it to you my PS3 for online gaming.	
The music player, while it may not be as good as a dedicated music player, is excellent.	
However, at the highest volume, the sound is fairly low.	
That's rediculous.	
The only issues that I have had is with the amount of talktime that I can get out of it.	
Those are where I'm going next.So, I'm rating 2 stars since the form factor is nice, but it's not a keeper so that's all it gets.	
The delivery date was supposed to be 1/19/09.	
When I returned I noticed a big black spot on my external screen.	
It has a grippy perforated pattern on the sides to make holding the note a little more secure.	
Dont fall under Amazon false Promises.	
When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired, I of course wanted to keep my number.	
Sprint is willing to offer a replacement phone for $35 or a new keypad for about the same.	
On the Igo keyboard hold down the left CNTRL KEY, The BLUE fn key and the GREEN fn key at the same time9.	
Afterwards it won't work at all.I'm highly disappointed in this product I bought.	
Even though I had read earlier reviews I was some what skeptical of it's operation function.	
No good if you can't transfer files, or tether to the computer for internet access.	
Very convinient fit on the ear and very light.	
What a deal on a great item!!	
Even when the signal meter is in the red I can make crystal clear calls and have not had any dropped.	
DO NOT BUY THIS, pay a little more for a legit product.	
Additionally, the provided foam ear pads come off easily (are needed for comfort).	
You can transfer mp3 songs, pics and any other files easily via your computer.	
This phone was acquired on a "new every two" plan.	
I love this phone and the Cingular service.	
I met two people there, who were returning their LG8100.	
I left a message on my answering machine, and it was okay when I was within 15 feet of the USB piece.	
Fits perfectly and you don't have to worry about those little particles that tend to get behind your other cases.	
After loading the player with music on a micro SD card, the player freezes after playing just one song and it has to be restarted.	
I haven't regretted my decision one bit.	
It does poorly outside with wind noise.	
Overly complicated, and finicky.	
Don't bother.	
Overall though, i love it so far.	
This is supposedly less damaging to one's hearing.	
WARNING AGAINST NEXTEL.	
My husband has a motorola bluetooth and his always seems to be acting up.	
I've gone over to Verizon and to a Samsung phone running the Windows OS.	
As for the service; The phone doesn't work in my apartment.	
I ordered this cable (two of them actually) to use on the LG 8300.	
A first class product which will give you first class results!	
The availability was 1 to 2 days at the time of order.	
Perfect for my Sansa player!	
Our old phone works just fine...it just needed a new battery.	
The quality - it's so refine, clear, and top quality.	
CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP.	
compact charger.	
The charger itself was a cheap replica of the original samsung charger.	
LOVE PRODUCT.	
Never do this again	
I am quite happy with this battery and that it doesn't need constant charging when in standby mode.	
the problems are during phone conversation,it turn off by itself.	
eh.. this gets the job done, but i wouldnt leave it in the car charger all the time.	
Not a bad phone if you can hear it ring.	
No frills (no camera, no iTunes, just the phone please).	
The sound is very full, with crisp highs and deep bass.	
However, I decided to give them a try and I was pleasantly surprised!	
love this headset	
This phone is awsome.	
I use this to charge our RAZR and Motorola V325 cellphones when they're not in the cars.	
There are extra user-definable fields for additional phone numbers/email addresses besides the usual home/office/cell etc.	
There is a ZERO rating.	
This Plantronics headset has all the required features for someone who needs a professional type headset for home use.	
This one sits at home most of the time and still need recharge every 4 days.	
Looks pretty good too, I like the blue light when it's plugged into the phone.	
Very Limited Range - Very expensive.	
i couldn't hear anything from the other side.	
Plantronics Ear Tips.	
I replied that step 4 did not mention the cloth; the cloth was not called for until step 5.	
It's not quite as cool looking, but it works WAY better and it's smaller.	
I had to wait a couple of weeks to get the bluetooth so I was looking forward to it.	
When the glasses-attachment is used it doesn't flop around at all; it holds firmly to the glasses.	
I had gotten used to the VX6000 so I was a bit apprehensive to upgrade but I like to have the best there is out there and I am happy that I upgraded.	
Cute Phone but Slow Response to Commands.	
beautiful phone with annoying interface.	
But you can still carry on a conversation, it's only slightly annoying.	
It arrived faster and works fine with my razr, no complaints.	
A big mistake.	
The original Palm stylus fits so that the end is perfectly flush to the Treo case; this one sticks out.	
That was not all.	
I can charge my phone at home or in the car with leaving it in the case.	
However, I accidentally ran mine through the washing machine and I don't think any phone can withstand that.	
Xbox 360 charge and play cord.. The Xbox charge and play cord arrive very fast, it fits better then the original brand.	
I think there are some tuning that needs to happen so that the sound will work correctly.	
pretty happy.	
Worked Great For My Son!.	
I got it for less than $20 on ebay - but that's $20 wasted!	
The packaging says it's for a Zen Vision M.	
DOES NOT WORK.	
Amazing really for something so small and simple.	
The cable connects to the computer OK but will not connect to the c417 phone.	
Only work one day.	
Great phone- I tried both the Treo 650 and the Treo 700w.	
These people had a great idea but the bugs were not workedout and we were their unwitting test subjects.	
I filed for tech support, and they gave me a support number in the hundreds of thousands...apparently they've had that many complaints.	
The only good thing I can say is that the sound quality was good.	
Yes I really reccommend this to someone who needs a long life battery.	
This USB cable is ok for moving files in and out.	
Great Phone!!.	
So, I stopped using it and went back to my old Jabra 250v that's cracked up and dying a slow death.	
Then we purchased 2 Plantronic 510's!	
Also, I think the multi-function button has a little too many functions.	
I'm not the type that goes through cell phones quickly.	
Before receiving it, I read reviews here and throughout the Internet.	
I bought this phone a few weeks ago, and have been frustrated ever since.	
I have tried many other bluetooth headsets and this is the best one I have ever had.	
I've owned 13 different phones in the last 5 years, and this one was unarguably the best.	
Seimans will...but you have to cut off an arm and and leg.Nice idea that DOES NOT WORK.	
Overall a great deal, and a very comftorable wear.	
Even the Bluetooth adapter I got for my iPod can handle up to 8.	
Cord is curly so it can be short or relatively long.	
I thought it was going to be a good phone with all the features.	
Instead the initial "Owner Info" page stays up and you can't see the name on the screen unless you reach down and tap the screen.	
If your looking for a low priced headset you can get this one.	
Hook up is simple and is very adustable to fit many different phone styles.	
Because there have been many fruitless attempts to use it, I rarely do.	
The phone would not charge, so I investigated and it turned out that the CHEAP NASTY adapter-plug (not a sony product) was at fault.	
Then apologize for the "inconvenience".	
The one that doesn't work have scratches and the Verizon letters has been erased.	
Simply the phone doesnt find it while searching for nearby bluetooth devices...	
I bought this to replace my old V3 RAZR battery which wasn't holding much of a charge anymore.	
There are many better products out there.This is the first and last PalmOne product I will ever own.	
Works great.	
The mid- and high-range is quite good, for the most part.	
Didn't last very long.	
Plantronics MHA100 Headset Amplifier.	
I had it repaired at an authorized dealer, it broke again soon.	
Good product.	
Better than OEM.	
It's not difficult to provide an accurate description.	
Platinum Skin Case w/Swivel Clip --LG VX8300.	
This is probably one of the worst phones I have ever purchased!	
Make sure you read what the bluetooth profile is actually capable of doing for the carrier you are using e.g.	
So it appears.	
!If I am incorrect, please let me know via email	
The effect is similar to pumping a book on tape loudly through badly blown speakers.	
It might be similar to those so many deceptive advertisements where returning is not worth the money it already cost you.	
There comes the noise.	
I go between loving the wing and occassionally wanting to throw it out the window.	
As Sprint phones go, this is a dandy and I've upgraded three times.	
For the most part, people can't tell that I'm on a Bluetooth headset!The Pros	
The volume control is great and very easy to control.	
Finally someone has designed a compact device to attach to my cell phone.	
Appears as 5-Stars, But is Actually 1-Star Worthy.	
It's very soft.	
Received headset for xmas, but could not get it to work properly with my computer.	
Which is not very often.	
Works well.	
I used it on a GalaxySII, it was very tight fitting.	
Are we supposed to stand there with a stopwatch for two hours?	
I checked online and lots of people are complaining about the same so it seems to be a generic compatibility problem with the Pearl.	
Pretty good.	
If you home is not high enough you are screwed.	
I did receive the new software version 1.300 and here are my comments:Reception (9/10)On my original software version reception was horrible.	
I really only wanted a car charger but the extra items are a great bonus.	
It is so easy to use and has absolutely everything I need	
I would shop around for a different phone.Signed with out a phone	
This cord is cheap in price and cheap in quality.	
After going through the complete installation and bluetooth pairing routine, there were intermittent data losses while I tried to use it.	
Well it just means the phone has two screens.	
I shouldnt even be sold by Amazon.	
You will be shocked at the collection of dust particles on the inside of this case.	
The case is a little on the stiff side and I have to wipe off excessive glue that comes off of the case.	
Something to think about!	
I think they sent me a bad one , don't think it was Motorola because I love the product .	
BUY THIS PHONE!	
If you do not have an attic, you are screwed.	
Volume problems on both ends.	
All 3 items worked with my Nokia 6103.	
I applied another coat the next day & still nothing happened.	
This is the second time I've purchased this case (first one was stolen).	
Definitely a decent deal, and get more than one.	
One of my best phone experiences ever.	
My Dream Phone.	
Maybe I should have spent more because at this rate--it's junk.	
I am on my 5th one.	
The operating system frequently locks up, leading to missed calls.	
It gives you 3 earpieces to choose from for the best fit.Pairing with the PS3 was simple.	
I've never experienced something like this.	
the problem is if you keep it swivelled 90 degrees, it does not have the support that is does at 0.	
Nice product, simple to use.	
I am a generally gig person.	
After that you get a message saying that you need to purchase a Nero mp3PRO encoder plugin.	
I purchased this Motorola T 305 hands free speaker to give to my husband as a Christmas gift.	
This is unacceptable.	
A Great Alternative Charger.	
Loud and clear in most all situations.	
I don't even use it!.	
However not all the holes line up perfectly making charging to be somewhat difficult.	
Better off saving your money and buying a regular cord.	
Slight Hiccup Installing.. Installing the two cover pieces was easy and almost instantaneous.	
Motorola Car Adaptor.	
I had no idea that Microsoft expects users to remember the Windows desktop shortcuts to perform basic functions on their Windows phones.3.	
Everytime I talked to him I had to keep asking him what he said at least 3 times.	
This is the only device I have ever owned that had a USB port and no way to use it.	
It just doesn't work well.	
In other words 48 hours stand-by and one and half hours of talk time.	
It does those things in a satisfactory manner.The call quality is rather good, certainly better than my old Samsung flip phone.	
It seems it's not worth ordering anything when I have to have these additional expenses plus the dissatisfaction.Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset	
This was much easier than bringing my stereo into my office from the living room.	
Although not a "factory brand name" battery, it works just as well.	
I did some research and decided that the Jawbone was the best, and after owning it and using it quite often for my job, I would have to agree.	
I was a little skeptic at first but when i used it i was surprised on how well it works!	
it also works fine with a silicone skin on the iPod.	
I had hoped to get a deal, a good headset for around $30.	
The MP3 player sounds good.	
They will not access the mp3 player on the phone.	
Overall would buy again.	
Whomever invented the "on" light should be shot.	
However, now it appears that this policy is changed for new accounts.	
It's fast and easy to use.	
It also had many problems which are rectified by this new phone.The good features which are carried over:1.	
This gotta be the worst prepaid card you can find anywhere.	
After what some people said, I was a little apprehensive when I finally ordered it.	
Bait and Switch.	
I purchased this as part of a package, so it only ended up costing about 1-2 dollars.	
Bought 5 - 4 broke.	
I love not dealing with tangling wires and the Amazon price was $20 less than ordering fromthe manufacturer.	
YES, MICROPHONEWORKS WELL.	
I tried syncing my email to an Exchange server which works great.	
The 2.5mm jack looks and fits okay, but does not work.	
I guess over time, I will get used to talking a bit louder.	
I have not tried the other new Motorola headsets such the H670, H500 and H300.	
Works Great with Blackberry 8700c.	
quit working correctly after one week.	
To make matters worse, the clip that comes with it tears the outter insulation on the wire apart.	
Small, efficient, works.	
I didn't like wearing a blue tooth in my ear, so I heard about this and it is very good!	
Only minor problem is that it is little too heavy.	
Everything you'd expect.	
If I lose or break this one, I will buy 2 the next time just to have a spare.	
Good Stylus.	
I just bought this phone and I'm pretty happy with it.	
When I got my Razr, my son got my old Chocolate Touch, so I gave him the headset also and he uses it all of the time.	
I have seen the Razor models break at the drop of a hat.	
It fits well, even if you can't easily see the physics of how it will work from the images.	
And it is very comfortable as I've worn it for periods over 1 hour and have not had any irritation.	
The only negative so far is that it doesn't seem to last quite as long between charges (based on my general usage level) as my old battery.	
3rd times a charm?.	
Finally someone with a decent idea.	
The Palm Pilot Graffiti interface and touch screen on this phone are perfect!	
I can recharge while driving to my destination.Highly recommended.	
Product is of good quality and more importantly, when there was an issue to the delivery (a bit late), the seller was very accommodating.	
They fit comfortably in the ear and come in 3 different sizes for a more custom fit.	
This phone is clearly a marketing gimmick.	
Don't blame me.. I broke this after 2 months' use; I'm retiring and don't use mobile phone too much...so, you better go with a metal one.	
TMobile is by far the worst.	
Its a good durable phone i dropped it couple times but now when i flip the screen the screen just stays black.	
Wish I'd seen this review before I spent $40 on it at the Verizon Wireless store.	
cell phone battery cover.	
)The speakerphone unit looked like a perfect fit.	
The Scala has more of a floppy feel to it because the weight is beside your ear, but my wife doesn't mind that since she only wears it when driving.	
It allows you to reach the keys, but protects the display from scratches and/or breakage.	
Mine cracked within a week, and yes I knew about the problem beforehand and was very careful.	
It is very sturdy, but also a little heavier than should be for a phone its size.	
What more can anyone possibly ask of a phone case?	
Poor quality metal in the earhooks - The earhook assembly is made out of very cheap metal.	
I sent it back within 30 days and paid nearly $270 cash for a Motorola V557, and have no regrets; its display looks like a TV compared to this thing.	
They arrived quickly and work.	
I had a problem getting started.	
Isn't that what we need this thing for???	
No complaints with those I communicate with & I can hear voices clearly.	
Great battery.	
Great phone at a great price.. I purchased this phone from Best Buy on 11/26/04 on sale for $49.99 with a one-year contract.	
Comfortable but what good is it if you can't hear.	
Pretty basic.	
Ordinary BT headset!.	
Clearly, Cingular intends you to buy every little thing for this phone instead of customizing it yourself.	
Extremely happy with shippment and price of product.	
Phone gets frozen or automatically switches off every 4-5 days.	
However, I have to remove the phone from the holder in order to charge the phone.	
Looks Pretty.... I was excited to find the H500 cheap on another site, so I quickly snapped it up.	
Plantronics blue tooth.	
junk, do not buy.	
Not recommended.	
The phone went dead after less than three months.... I bought an unlocked version of the K790a on April 27.	
Excellent Product!	
Loud and clear speaker.	
works fine on Motorola 325.	
The BT500 is light weight, comfortable, people I talk to can't tell I'm on "hands free".	
V9 MOTOROLA RAZR.	
I traveled through half of Florida this passed weekend and had no problems making or receiving calls.	
I am achieving the same talk and standby time as my original batteries that came with the phone.	
Excellent product - it was exactly what I needed to get my phone working again.	
Also, it smudged the screen almost as much as my finger does.	
I love it so much when, having had it for just two weeks and accidentally immersing it in seawater so that it died, I bought another one.	
I only write reviews for things I really like or really hate and this falls in the latter category.	
It will hang the phone if you try to use too many applications (like 2 or 3!)	
The sound quality is superb-people you're speaking with always think you're using the handset, even in windy conditions.	
Does what it's supposed to do.	
The ear piece was comfortable to wear but slipped down my face because of the poor design of the "gel" connection to the device.	
I was tired of bad bluetooth technology this one works GREAT	
I also have a cellular phone but I take my Sidekick II everywhere.	
It was all great until i tried out the web browser.	
I considered several but finally chose the Jabra A210 along with the BT250 Jabra headset.	
And the worst is, that the main cable came defective.	
The x3 performs great with my Verizon LG vx8300, including controlling the voice command features.	
I had to downgrade my phone recently, as I needed some cash and my Treo was more of a luxury than a necessity.	
The arrival was not as speedy as I would have preferred but, good things come to those that wait.	
Excellent purchase!	
nice product.	
to make the headphones.	
I imagine it would be ideal for lectures, for taking minutes during meetings, etc.	
I am a vey particular consumer.	
Now for the negatives.	
Nevermind that it has two features I don't need and probably won't use much (the camera and the Walkman).	
I am writing this to set the record straight.	
I picked up this battery and must say that thus far I have been estatic with its performance.	
That's all the caller hears when you use the headset.	
Every time I'm on a call people have issues hearing me, and complain that it sounds like I am fading in and out.	
In retrospect, I should have gotten one of the other ear devices.	
Maybe my ear is smaller -- it does fit mine perfectly.	
I've tried several different brands & styles from LG, Motorola and Samsung.	
Ringer - NOT loud enough.	
Nice sound - would have been great if my mobile was capable of syncing to it.	
Best Hands-Free Kit I've Seen.	
Also, I have an occastional delay when browsing through the menues.	
I've been using this clip on my Nokia 6160 for around two years and would not replace it for anything!	
Many times the switch has been accidentally turned on to talk or monitor while in my toolbag, resulting in a dead battery when I need to use it.	
Hopefully this battery will last as long as the last one did.	
I just want a simple ring and it couldnt offer me that so I ended up recording the ring from my old Motorola and now I am satisfied.	
you almost have to have the phone 1) within about 6 feet of you and 2) have it on the same side of your body as the jabra.	
I had a bluetooth a few years ago but friends/family had trouble hearing me.	
For those of you that are looking at the Apple "product' and are desperate enough to use ATT, let me say one thing.	
i received the cord & cd with no instructions.	
Then they released a candy bar equivalent (SLVR), and then improved on the RAZR's lines with the stylish clamshell PEBL.	
I would recommend this set to anyone.Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint Technology [Retail Packaged]	
Have had it for a long while now and it's still working great.	
It is a bit heavy and the headset does not stay in your ear, it dangles.	
the battery is not recognized by some versions of the BB OS.	
I have many electronic devices and this was yet another tip for my iGo system.	
this is one of sony ericssons first Walkman phones.	
With all cell phones, reception and dropped calls are dependent on the network and the coverage where you use the phone.	
Then they cancelled my order, and would not refund the shipment money paid.	
I got this one dirt cheap and it works just as well.	
By-the-way, the refund process with Amazon is lightning fast and painless!	
It did not have the magical noise cancelling it claimed.	
I have been looking for this design for a long time, and am happy with my purchase.	
You only need to spend $20 every 90 days.	
I bought this little thing for about 15 days.	
this eats the battery up, but is a fun distraction.	
I initially liked this phone for its odd shape and exciting features, but now I regret my purchase altogether.	
She was so excited until she tried to use it.	
If you own a T-Mobile Dash, HTC-S620 or HTC-S621, this combo works fine.	
Now, I'm looking around, and see that I have more choices.	
If only I could give zero stars ..... I bought this phone when I switched services, since I've had such good experience with other Motorola phones.	
Used to listen to podcasts, very nice.	
As I talk to my wife on the Plantronics Explorer 320 she is quite happy -- she hears me fine.	
I took it to a retailer and spoke to AT&T Customer Service who were unable to figure out what the issue could be.	
Lots of echo on receiving phone line.	
It wasn't until my best friend told me that she needed a earpiece but didn't have the money to dish out for a good one just yet.	
It was a waste of money!	
great phone overall--speaker problem.	
The voice quality is neither better nor worst than before.	
Everything lined up pretty much the way you need; display, charger outlet, etc.	
People I talk with sometimes could not hear what I am saying.	
She recently got the Nokia 3595.	
Hope you have more luck than I do.	
Great phone if you are 15.	
It is easy to use and you can hear calls nicely.	
The Plantronics Voyager 510 fits for small ears.	
I do not like the fact that this Bluetooth Headset turns itself off after 5 minutes of inactivity.	
I bought this for the wrong model, but it fit great other then having to make a little cut for the camera sensor.	
I recommend this product and would buy it again.	
Because it happened a couple more times, I took it back to Best Buy and requested an exchange.	
Beside this it has good speaker phone, ofcouse the camera is much better than T610.	
The phone arrived within a week of purchase.	
Blue tooth.	
Look elsewhere for a good flip phone.	
Not to take 5 mega pixel picture of a mountain or to browse webistes for free deals.	
Bottom line is I shouln't have to rely on 3rd party software to hack my own phone to get it to work the way i want it.Perhaps Nokia has spoiled me.	
Please do not buy this case.	
A chink in the armor!.	
The Tiny i730.	
Description is Misleading.	
Waste of money...doesn't really fit the iphone as described.	
Then after another week or so I received complaints that I could hardly be heard.	
nice case!.	
You can't have too high expectations for such a cheap headset.	
super cool!!!!.	
Keeps loosing pairing.	
The Motorola H700 works as advertised.	
I received the 1100mAH Lithium Ion battery instead and it won't work with my phone.	
Pass these up....	
Very poor design.	
I have been a truck driver for 44 years and this is the best thing to come along since diesel fuel.	
My boyfriend and I each got one of these in the hopes that it would end our search for a good bluetooth headset.	
The only bad thing about the phone is the ringtones it came with.	
Of course, it has bluetooth, so any bluetooth headset will work.	
It is easy to use, but it does not connect automatically to the RAZR like the H500 does.	
It will create another line of the same name if you type in their other phone numbers.	
It's a flop.	
Reviews rated the Plantronics version highly.	
It was a good proof-of-concept test ... the screen doesn't have one scratch on it after I was done.	
It is just a stand.	
I haven't had any difficulty with the bumpers though as it seems durable and well-made.	
I think this was one of the best investments I've made recently.	
S9 is worthless.	
This charger came with my phone.	
But it certainly gets the job done, which is why it is a must buy for those who want to protect their IPod.	
I give them zero stars!	
I've been as far away as 40ft from the device and it continues working.	
A Must have for The Stiletto.	
The sound quality is great and I have not had any complaints from those I talk to while using it.	
But to use it for charging the Ericsson battery, it is just too slow.	
I got this phone in March and after a month I really like it.	
i received my car charger and it has never worked.	
I did not have an easy time though and I couldn't find any tips to help.	
In a moving car, you're nearly unintelligible.	
Think twice before ordering it this was an enormous waste of time for me.	
All of the advertisement says works with Motorola phones.	
W710 with no problem.	
The phone only comes with a 128k micro sd memory card and does not come with the stereo headset.	
Fantastic BlueTooth Headset.	
I ordered the W810i in June, and got it only a couple days later.	
A Yugo is 5* compared.. I am now on my 4th 700wxphone and it is a huge piece of junk.	
Sometimes the phone shuts itself off.	
Maybe they should blame the service provider instead of the cellphone.	
You can buy one off eBay for under $20, though.	
No problems at All.	
I can't get it to install and I'm not new to computing.	
Do not buy this case look around for a better one It(the Case itself) looks nice, but it is not durable.	
NOT WORTH IT, might as well get up yourself.... I bought this remote for my iH5 version.	
I am impressed with this phone!	
They will not even do that for me.	
Although it had to be reset once it was worth it.	
I upgraded to this phone because my boyfriend bought it first and I was impressed.	
The one I got was ok but I'd rather a different one.	
Bought for my Mom, had never used headset.	
I like it so much that I bought an extra --- just in case.	
Good range 15-30'.	
Although the headphone's are very nice they do not work with all LG phones.	
The phone had always had small problems.	
This phone has good voice quality but i have very poor service where i live due to the lack of service towers.	
Not a comfortable phone to use.	
Great Product.	
The silver mist is my favorite right now because it gives my m100 a professional, but fun look.	
I also attempted to make a request on Samsung's service website, which also would not function correctly.	
I should have bought this sooner.	
These items worked perfectly with my LG Shine.	
I went from 1 bar inside my house to 4 bars.	
The speakerphone is barely audible, and one is better off putting a regular call on the highest volume.	
It is a good, solid product for the price you pay.	
I have a single level house(1650sq.ft.	
I had to buy this because Ericsson does not allow standard headsets to plug into the T28W, but thats another problem.	
I purchased a new Samsung GSM phone that is equipped with MP3 and Bluetooth.	
At least as good as any.... My problem with BT headsets is that the booms tend to be too short, and this one is no different.	
Most off-brand phone charger that I have bought have ruined my phone.	
It would be nice if this case had a clip.	
I have not found a spot (outside) where I could not get a signal.	
The HS-850 I purchased quit working after about 60 days of use.	
Great reception, simple easy-to-use menus just like the RAZR.	
You don't feel like you are wearing it and it doesn't keep you from hearing otherwise.	
But now I'm obsessed... I've always loved things that can be personalized and now I'm even happier with my m100.	
This thing is awful.	
I've had this phone since Dec 02 it was ok in the beginning but after 2 months I started to have problems with this phone.	
I think Handspring did a very sloppy job at measuring this case.	
Well made & holds secure, but you need 2 hands to use it!.	
While outside, called my husband.	
It has all the features I want and could ask for.	
All I did was plug it in and out about once a day.	
Thinking that the quality issues will be solved by cleaning the lens, i couldn't be more wrong.	
It looks pretty but was not worth the money for sure.	
The only good thing about it is the looks.	
When I pushed my Dad to be descriptive he said"Well, maybe it's a little bit tinny but I can hear you just fine.	
KRZR 1 CLEAR CASE.	
38718	
This Phone Rocks.	
If you have trouble with ear buds.	
The first, and last one I bought do not work well with the commands on my Blackberry Curve, specifically the voice dial.	
I think it has some sort of a switch problem, After 5 months the outside screen just stopped working.	
For items like this you probably want to buy straight from an established retailer.	
I followed the instructions which, ironically, said to 'insert phone slowly' so as not to tear case.	
Like other reviewers, I had problems using this case with the H700.	
are not producing better pictures than this one.	
Save for a better piece of equipment.	
Not only did they basically ignore my e-mail, but they sent me an e-mail about a month later asking if my issue was resolved.	
Speakerphone.	
I had issues with a different cable I bought earlier from a different vendor.	
but if you dont mind paying more to be unique and cool, then this is it; if you just need its features, then get da boring v600.	
I've been with Cingular for 7 years and my billing has always been accurate(I've heard horror stories about other providers).	
The screen is very nice and large.	
Razr Cellphone Snap-On Case.	
Then you try again and other number keys don't work.	
I gave it away and went back to the 720 which I have used before and it works great I would not recommend the 820 to no one.	
I can recharge for 5 mins, it will indicate it is fully charged again, but act the same way.	
and i lost 5.00 in shipping because of the decpetion.	
It always falls off and the sound is actually worse than my cellphone alone.	
The range is excellent.	
I forgot how awesome it is to put in my ear buds and listen to music for hours.	
I've had to cup the mike in my hand next to my mouth for people to hear me.	
I like that the swivel piece is easily removable for those times when you want the very slim profile for carrying or storage.	
I had a Jabra before this Plantronics which I had to order through our approved office supply vendor.	
wanted for the exact battery!	
Quality cable.	
This phone is probably not going to give you what you're looking for, unless it's a few hundred dollars less in your wallet.	
Very Nice!.	
If your looking for a pda phone, leave this alone.	
Forget working with Vista, it's hopeless.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS.	
I ordered one back the 1st of Octorber.	
I'm not going to risk trying it.	
USB Cable, works fine.	
The size of it in the first place makes it that.	
The camera is great, it has flash light, which saves carrying a sperate flash light if you need one.	
Of course, if it's loud enough for you, I can understand a higher rating.	
Not a terribly bad cable but don't expect it to last long.. I wouldn't recommend this cable for two reasons:1.)	
Are they nuts?	
Degrades Signal.	
Very pleasant and uneventful shopping experience.	
I was able to purchase it from Amazon for only $25.00, and definitely got my money's worth.	
Not sure what to say product was defective.	
Super sexy.. No humming and I've owned it for about 7 months now.People who are technologically inept, should not be writing reviews.	
I'll explain below why I didn't give it a 5 star review.	
The buttons have a nice feel to them, and are close together but not so close as to make using them difficult.	
Bad Business when it comes to returns.	
I bought these headsets for my entire team at work.	
I have to say it was a great purchase, the price made it a Great Value.	
Easy to learn and easy controls.	
Great Battery life.	
If you want to dial a number, don't think of just dialing it!	
The battery life is short (about like my the 3588i, but with GSM I was looking for a lot more battery life.)	
Now its just my phone and blackberry (bb from work cannot integrate personal phone.	
Installing it actually reduced my reception from 2 bars to NO bars!	
It did recharge but could not get the phone to connect with the PC.	
Plus if your not plugged into usb you can use the ac power cord to charge your PDA.	
Fast shipping, but but product not the same as advertised.	
I really like this device.	
I'm so disappointed considering I was really excited about my new purchase.	
I accidently through out the box it came in before I realized that the item didn't work at all.	
The other leather one also hangs down, and the Treo really needs to sit sideways for me to be comfortable because of its big size.	
The plactic covering the screen has slits on the side so you can easily lift it and clean the screen as well as the inside of the plastic.	
It has a stong clip too.	
They worked for all of a day.	
Not recommended.	
I've had this thing for nine months.	
Only one downside	
She keeps getting the cord caught in her wheels... so I decided to try this one.	
I depend on Bluetooth syncing, however, so was very disappointed.	
The reception is full bars always(like most Nokia phones).	
Glad I bought it!.	
Excellent Articles.	
It caused my phone to become unusable for a terrifying period of time (several hours), but fortunately no permanent damage was done.	
That's a good thing for the power button, as it prevents accidental power-ons.	
I just bought this battery at a Sprint Customer Service store, and I paid $64.64 with tax in California.	
Placed phone in my pocket and the static and cutting out came back.	
I never could achieve a connection between my computer and my phone.	
The reception is slightly better than my previous nokia, but still missed a lot of calls especially in buildings.	
I upgraded from a lesser model to this model about three months ago.	
Also, the shortest duration programmable pause is quite long.	
No, I did not order the wrong charger.	
earbud not too good.	
when I was standing in my kitchen running water in the sink.	
No problems with battery	
I purchased a BT800 when they were first released.	
I left an AC adaptor for a car cooler in a Holiday Inn.	
I would stay away from this phone next time.	
Great phone!	
Much has been written about this in nokia repair forums.	
Very quick service.	
the light doesnt go off, so you have a bright green nite light all night.	
I'll get one for my sister who just recovered from brain cancer.	
All in all, the t809 serves as a perfect solution for, say, recording your favorite band live in bar somewhere.	
EXELENTE PRODUCTO.	
The 3.5 headphones that come with it are very short, but still work just fine as the total length of the two parts work well.	
The sound clarity is excellent.	
I loved it then, and I love it now.	
My efforts paid off and I am now very happy with the clarity and the convenience.	
Plus the color is cool as it is the only headset that matches the magenta RAZR.January 11, 2008Update	
The third was a motorola flip version, and didn't stay on my ear well.	
I opened the box, plugged it into my iPod and started recording.	
Very nice case.	
This Belkin kit is a cheap retrofit for your existing cell phone.	
The description says, "Replacement Styli" However you get only ONE (1) stylus with this product.	
The batteries are real Moto's and work fine in all 3 of my phones.	
Works great!.	
good phone.	
The third just was not trying to work with me at all.	
Marginal at best.	
The manufacturer wouldn't pay for the shipping for returning the product.	
The display is easy to read, and the buttons are backlit to there are easy to find.	
Buyer beware - if you want something more flashy then don't get this phone - it will disappoint.	
When you answer a call or dial a call, your finger naturally lands near the vicinity of the Camera/Video button.	
I wish it had a bendable earpiece or something.	
Kapudt.There definately appears to be a problem with the S9's charging mechanism.The service person I spoke was not familiar with the S9.	
The phone is entirely capable of belting out more volume, this firmware just won't.	
I have had this blue tooth for about a year.	
wilson antenna.	
It's a clip.	
They're now at the bottom of my junk drawer...	
Everying, photos - contacts, etc.	
I bought these headphones to use with my iPhone.	
The third one I purchased was for a friend.	
The problem persisted for several trial calls I made immediately afterward.	
While it's not as loud as an office phone's speaker, it is plenty loud, for example, to participate in a conference call while driving.	
short on this deal.	
The headset is incredibly uncomfortable and will not stay in the proper position for the mike unless it is held in place.	
I have to turn the volume way up, which is annoying, and I still have trouble understanding people.	
Now i got this product just for paper weight.	
Great Product.	
When I got the item, the top didn't come off and I can't get to the ballpoint pen.	
THANKS FROM VENEZUELA	
Then I lost it and couldn't continue without it, so I bought another one... and while I was at it, bought another for a friend.PROS:- it looks sexy.	
Complete Chinese junk and I'm not talking about the boat.	
If you want quality, you're gonna pay money.	
Tried again...sent the headset back, and they lost it...being stoopid, I didn't keep the shipping receipt.	
No jostling or forcing the case.	
I love this thing.	
They told me that the phone was sold and activated 4 times...my fault for not checking with T-mobile after I purchased the phone.	
it is poorly made and chips at the bottom or top.	
It seems to emit an "airy" sound, like the static of a speaker turned up with no sound.	
I can only say this was cheap enough that it helps mitigate the hassle a bit.	
A must have for those that still drive a stick shift in these days.	
very impressed with the device, service is so far so good in suburban nyc	
Cool looking!	
So bad its not worth having.. I already had a Motorola HS800 (i think thats the model) and it works great.	
It is amplified on the other end of the call.	
It just works.	
after about a week with the phone all the websites i visited needed a java upgrade,(still have not figured out how to do that.)	
The charger port is readily accessible.	
This works very well.	
The batteries arrived in less than a week (standard shipping) and both are good as new.	
The calls sound great and testing it with someone else proves the voice comes in clear.	
What idiot designed that ?!	
To be blunt, however, I just wish Blackberry would offer this function.	
I reinstalled the original battery which at least holds a charge for a little over an hour - heck, it at least lets me power it on!	
I have gone through two of them thus so far.First off, if you have chosen sprint as a service kick yourself.	
very low volume, can barely hear callers.	
You won't feel like the Borg with this in your ear.	
Doesn't work, and slow priority shipping!.	
I am usually okay with Sprint, but Sanyo is the least satisfying of their products.	
I have seen complaints that the provided phones are a year or two old.	
Bargaincell was also very good at shipping it.	
It has a flash, but inside pictures in average lighting come out grainy and dark.	
The Turbo Charge only worked once and worked well for that one time.	
This cable is just not capable of charging the phone	
GREAT PHONE!.	
I have never had a problem with the hooks breaking either as another reviewer said.	
I don think so!	
The ad is misleading as this cord retracts to a couple of feet.	
I bought this pretty much for the car charger, car holder, and the case.	
I bought a replacement and it lasted just 2 (and the clip broke in 2 different places!).	
This is probably due to the fact that the female 3.5mm jack wasn't made very well.	
But It is not very well designed 'cause the headset is a little awkward to put on the ear.	
Only one size of earloop comes with the unit, for me it was too large, just hovering over my ear.	
Accomplish this while driving or fumbling to quickly answer a call?	
This piece of junk disconnected the phone call; the system just frozen and not responded and the PDA system crashed ALL DAY LONG.	
Since purchasing this, it has replaced my OEM charger as the primary charger for my phone.	
Can't do any better for the $$$.	
Dialing and gripping the phone are uncomfortable.	
I wasn't expecting CD quality, but if it performed at cassette tape or maybe radio quality it would be adequate.	
* The battery charge meter is a bit finicky.	
It stopped working 2 months after I bought it.	
It's a thin cord, but it seems like the best one out there for the cost.	
easy install and to easy use.	
Wow, what a difference.	
No Bass Boost / Surround sound option.2.	
brand name hands-free???.	
a Bluetooth headset that works great.	
I love it !.	
Bought this to replace my xbox live headset.	
Items arrived quickly and performed just as well as the original items gthat came with the Cell phone.	
Bought this at Best Buy just to make sure that I didn't get a counterfeit because there are so many fakes on the market.	
I love this cover!!!!!!.	
BT50 Battery Dead On Arrival.	
You must go to Sprint for help.	
It's a tacky pad that is non-adhesive and keeps stuff from sliding around on the dashboard.	
The cordless phone works great, but the headsets are not very good.	
Great for the price.	
Classics like Big Balls, and Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap have yet to hit home with her.	
Does not stay in ear.	
)The manual that comes with this phone is OK, but the text designer could have done a much better job creating distinct, clear headings.	
I haven't used the 'loud' as I really didn't want to do that to my eardrums but I assume the volume adjustments operate there, too.	
Ok, it's wireless.	
I'm very pleased with my purchase and so grateful that someone is still selling the original batteries for it.	
It worked really well for me.. I usually get 1 RX and 0 TX bars on my Verizon cell phone in the house.	
Every now and then, you'll be dialing and certain number keys don't work.	
Construction quality is very good.	
The product page should be clearly marked - USED.After thinking about it some more I couldn't even call this remanufactured.	
The phone was free and I received it in two days.	
I just lost my phone charger so I ordered a new one.	
There are 3 different size earpieces for a better fit.	
Plantronics replacement tips.	
Backlight light keeping turning on very often, so it kills the battery and annoying me..... Was the worst amazon experience ever.	
They cut the shipping etc charges.	
It is very small, light, and easy to use.	
I was afraid to try this 665 because of some of the detractors, but got a great deal and bought it anyway.IT IS FANTASTIC!!!!!!!	
All of this has been a major problem for Q users because up until now, Motorola's headsets have not been all that good relative to the competition.	
Standard Battery BST-33 for Sony Ericsson Mobile.	
The display died on the first one; got it replaced under a warranty exchange.	
I've been very disappointed with the WEP200.	
All around excellent phone.	
I've had this phone for over two years now, and i advise you stay away from it for the following reasons:1.	
I haven't had any static on my end either.	
dont plan on replacing it till its worn out!	
Now my Razr is up and running and will for as long as I take care of it.	
great product, I have two of this and both of them so far have deliver the same clear sound I am looking for in a head set.	
My only irritation is that the clip hits my belly (cuz I'm a bit chubby).	
I've gone through 4 phones - the same thing over and over.	
price too good to be true.	
Phone doesn't hold charge.	
It was buried further down on the page.	
I think it will still stick OK, but it doesn't look as nice.	
Wrong Headset!.	
Which is just SNAKE with a different name.	
Of the three power tips I have I use the A43 the most by far.	
I don't know if anyone else is having this problem, but if you are... now you know.	
Battery life was good.	
And the fit is not the best.	
Works well so far.	
We got it heading into winter (no leaves on the trees) and felt like we were seeing a bit of improvement where a bit was absolutely necessary.	
Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end.	
I'm sure the problem would be solved by using an iPhone cover, but then if I did I wouldn't need the Sticky Pad at all.	
very nice phone.	
Aside from these issues the headset works well.	
THIS NEW AWSOME (hopefully) PHONE WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY YE HAW!THXS YALL CHOW 4 NOW!!	
Plus, it's pretty cool to say "Play Van Halen" and the phone starts playing tunes thru the handset speaker (not the BT) while you're driving.	
im 14 haha.	
It worked on everything I needed (update).	
very disappointed the plastic case broke soon after I got it need to return it to get my money back	
Once that was done, the written instructions that came with the antenna were very clear.	
It just stopped charging - I hadn't done anything to it.	
if you're outside, but that's about it.	
just a toy.	
Even though the sound quality is fantastic, the quality of the material used to construct the headphones is NIL.	
E816 BATTERY PERFORMS JUST FINE.	
E) Once you have swapped the wires, and if sunlight is hitting the solar collector, it will start working.	
Cell phone holder.	
Works great!.	
I've found very high quality calls and battery life on every Plantronics device I've ever used.	
This is a very cute faceplate!	
Sure, that kind eventually gets flakey - but it's cheaper to replace an adapter than to get your phone repaired.	
There is plenty of options I can't fugure out why they even exist and many options lead to the same screen.	
The voice recognition via BT seems to be less accurate than using the handset microphone.	
iPhone case seems to work just fine.	
T-Mobile told me that in my area I have good to great service and should not get any calls dropped.	
it covered the charge port.	
Not designed for H700!.	
I can't make call because it freezes.	
Well Worth the Price.	
Instead, it tends to lift the Sticky Pad off the dashboard by sticking itself to the back of the iPhone.	
I couldn't be more pleased.	
I don't have a pouch-style case, but it would probably be tight...If power is your problem, though, this battery is your solution.	
Buy a five dollar battery and the odds are you'll get a battery only worth five bucks.	
The ear loop doesn't stay hooked to the device very well, and comes off completely sometimes just taking it out of my jacket pocket.	
She talks with her manager.	
I bought a TracFone just for "emergencies" as I am not a hard core cell phone user; I use it mainly while traveling.	
Then it kept getting ejected by my tape deck.	
After assembling per instructions, cover the solar top so that it gets no light.	
Was happy about the price so I ordered this battery.	
I did not think anything could replace my Nokia, but this V710 is leaps and bounds better.1.	
everything that says new is not!.	
It fits great.	
It only holds a 12 hour charge.	
I loved the phone and thought the internet and applications were easy to use.	
It is a very useful and feature rich headset, but be warned that the mild hissing and low volume output will certainly be an annoyance at times.	
Take care ofit and don't sit on it as the plastic is that of cheapsunglasses.Hope this helps the masses.Happy consumer.	
Antenna - FREQUENT dropped calls from low signal...	
I received this phone very quickly.	
If you can afford it, buy this super PDA.	
It'll keep your phone in one piece rather than strewn out on the sidewalk.	
Mic is separate though but boy the fun never stops.	
Don't get this product.	
The last one I ordered was like the first one.	
If you make 15 ringtones or pictures, it pays for itself.	
The design is horrible.	
It is identical to the original Motorola charger that came with my cellphone.	
Apart from great looks, functionaly it is good too.	
Really good sound and comfort.	
This item is an overpriced P-O-S.	
A no brainier to install.	
None better.	
I am using this with my Moto PEBL, PC XP (Cellink BT adapter - Toshiba Stack), and Mac OSX 10.4, with out any problems.	
i had it for 2 days.	
The seller was very shady in his presentation of the product.	
There were 2 deep scratches and many fine ones.	
Anyone I talk to hears a constant buzzing in the background and cannot make out a word I say.	
The tracfone prepaid airtime cards make the best gift.	
I tried swapping batteries between the two devices, but the headphones continued blinking blue every few seconds.	
It's bizarre.	
However it does not look like a cheap cable from the dollar store.	
What you pay is what you get!.	
Sent it back the same day it arrived.	
Not worth the trouble.	
Many people consider me heard to hear but not with this headset.	
Not for everyone, though.. I've been using this phone for about 6 months now.	
Extended life.	
The side buttons and earpiece hole are exposed, but the rest of it is very secure.	
We shall see...	
Great color display.	
The is no instruction inside the package.	
(4.5 stars).	
Glad I got it.	
I'm pretty active on my phone but I still only charge it once every night.	
I have to *push* the phone open a little more to make the phone recognize that I've opened it.	
IF I DIDN'T HAVE TO KEEP SETTING UP THE CONNECTION BETWEEN MY PHONE AND THE HEADSET, IT WOULDN'T BE THAT BAD.	
Leather is nice.	
I purchased a Treo 600 for metro Atlanta.	
The mouth piece is just too far and the 'harmonics' coming off the jaw - is just PR.	
IF I COULD GIVE NEGATIVE STARS I WOULD!!!!	
bought the case for my palm and it broke in a week.	
First, I must say I did not use this to hold a phone on a dashboard or anything like that.	
The headset comes with a bevy of attachments and a carrying case.	
You can slide this over your belt if you have a VERY THIN belt and not have to mess with the snaps.2.	
I can leave it on all the time while taking pictures, charging, etc.	
Everyone struggles to hear me.In the end, I have to throw this away.	
Have to get it shipped out, replaced in a week.	
Usually I know it is working again, because #1 problem happens again.	
This is especially true for the D-PAD and the top buttons (Power and zoom buttons).	
I like the Treo, but there are still bugs being worked out.... It works pretty well.	
Sounds like you're speaking directly through your phone.	
My favorite stylus by far.Longevity tip	
Work together as suggested in the ad.	
Sometimes my mail downloads, sometimes not.2.	
I bought 2 of these phones from t-mobile a year ago after my daughter's motorola v300 died and she needed a replacement.	
In fact, that's its primary function on a day to day basis.	
Fashionable, but painful to small ears.. This earpiece hurts the inside of my ears however it does fit better than the H500.	
From its great features to its sturdy build, the Razr V3 may look fragile but looks can be deceiving.I have had my Razr V3 for nearly a month.	
The blinking blue light is not distracting at night as I had read in a couple of reviews.	
It's cute, small, and has many nice features on it.	
The white pearl is so cute and it def has people asking about the phone when u whip it out.	
would do business with again.	
The H700 dropped the connection to my phone all the time.	
I finally got around to connecting my keyboard to my IPAQ Rx5915.	
I live in central Jersey and have service inside a cement building which is unheard of.	
We'll see with the 1st bill.The phone is cool if you like somewhat bulky phone, but it's durable and you need worry less about losing it.	
This phone has two LEDs above the aperture of the camera, I usually use it for lighting the way at night, its that bright.	
Not horrible, but I wouldn't recommend it!.	
Unit is dead.	
The screw up in shipping is not the fault of the seller unless you count off for using UPS to begin with.	
The first one was in a mall and it partially blocked the charge connector and completely blocked the external antenna jack so I didn't buy it.	
The earpiece is comfortable but doesn't take into account that some of us wear glasses.	
If this phone had the full silent mode and vibrating text alert I could overlook the size issue and call this the perfect phone.	
Better Than Expected.	
Great bluetooth device.	
Bad phone - avoid and get something better instead.	
I wanted a cheap transmitter that would work with my car.	
I ordered these ear gels and they are a perfect fit for the samsung ear plug.	
Don't believe me, then purchase the Jabra or one of the other headsets, place it in your pocket or purse and answer a call from your phone.	
This is perfect and a great price for ALMOST anyone.	
I'm on the phone.	
Other than that, I'd say go ahead and buy this headset if you're still deciding.	
This will go in a drawer until I find some sucker to take it.	
cord stores neatly.	
Do a search on &quot;cell-phone&quot; and &quot;blood brain barrier&quot;.	
So I returned the CS55.I then ordered the CS361N.	
Works as it should.	
Palm/Handspring makes the phones but will provide NO SUPPORT.	
I dont use much other features on this phone.	
Simply put, my Blackberry Pearl regularly shuts itself off and I must pull the battery to restart it.	
Good Deal, Works great.. This is why Amazon is great.	
Too good to be true.	
As someone who uses a cell phone mostly AS A PHONE, I returned it after one day and opted for a blackberry pearl.	
Just use good old trial and error and common sense and you'll be enjoying this phone in no time.	
this is one form of a legal hoax.	
I got the headset a week ago and the sound quality is just not as advertised.	
locked nicely, held secure but plastic hinge gave way on second use and phone fell to the floor.	
Just a bunch of static.	
It is a TRUE pearl color and not white or off-white as advertised.I am new to BB and I wanted a phone that can basically sync with my Outlook.	
My phone had to have fallen out of the clip about 15 times before I finally lost it completely while hiking in the woods.	
This case is not as elegant as some leather cases you can find, and it looks bulkier than the leather cases.	
It has become an extension of me and I truly could not live without it.	
I am disappointed that the replacement battery has only slightly more juice than the one it replaced.	
There isn't much to say, you get what you pay for... sometimes a bit less... In this case it was less.	
Dont last long at all.	
The booster does help with certain cell phones, my husband has one with a million features and of course he gets no calls in or out.	
The Upstage "Upstages All Other Phones".	
Both are in their original casings.	
Cingular service I give only 3.	
I recently moved to Cingular from Verizon due to better phone selection, and what a big mistake!	
Unfortunately there is sticky redsidue left behind on the keyboard which is annoying as hell.	
You can only engage the speaker function once you are on a call, awkward.	
Bad attempt.	
Actually, when it came to me it was already broken and I had to push the string part back into the metal part.	
Leather Fanny Pack/Cell Phone-Great Choice.	
it fit the 700 and above.	
The talk time is awesome and I have gotten almost 5 hours continuous talk time out of the device.	
I had no trouble getting it on my ear.	
Once this happens, anything moving over the case (a jacket, a shirt, even your arm) may cause the strap to come undone.	
Finding contacts is really neat.	
What can I say?.	
The maximum volume is also very low.	
Don't waste your money on any of their products.	
I got Motorola Razor V3 phone from T-Mobile couple of days back.	
I needed something with a low profile, which could be transported in a laptop case without risk of being damaged.	
Item description and images did not indicate that there was no magnet.	
!$$$ Now , I don't know what to do because the person who sold it to me , is not working there anymore ,,,plsss somebody could help me ??	
Driving on a regular road causes practically no background noise.	
That was over $9.	
The velcro is strong and the belt clip is sturdy.	
I will update this review once I get it to work (or not)	
Also, tap WITH pressure right or left (directly above the back/end buttons) to move left/right.This phone is amazing for all of it's features.	
sound quality and comfort.	
The Motorola RAZR V3 Plastic Shell Casing is a nice fit for my red RAZR.	
Finger prints are annoying, but expected.	
This phone has bad software and also hardware.	
Buy the PalmOne Treo 600/650 Stereo Headphone Adapter Instead.	
After a week of fidgeting with that I found one that sort of fits, after I spend 10 minutes slipping this over my ear.	
Moreover, it's half the price of the Kyocera 3035 charger Best Buy sells.	
It was only a few dollars so it wasn't worth my time or effort to return it.	
So I have never heard anyone tell me ugh why that color please this colr shines pink pss thats what I got my daughter.	
Also, a great buy.	
Be careful!	
I have a few devices (2 cells and various audio listening devices) and I like the ability to keep one headset on me that will work with all of them.	
However, everyone has the same complaint to me.	
Avoid this thing at all costs.	
This time they (Cingular) send me a 'new' phone that was unusable from the first second I got it.	
The new charger power light never came on and it wouldn't charge the phone.	
The headset really has bad sound quality.	
I spent more for shipping than for the leather cover.	
so much for a beautiful lookin phone.	
This was a great buy - under 5 dollars with shipping and works great on my razr.	
I ordered the 2 year Cingular subscription in conjunction with the Motorola Razr phone.	
This product performed flawlessly.	
The instructions clearly state that a "free" software download is needed from the nokia website.	
(Get a wireless headset!!	
Please note	
If you have nothing to do, give another try......As always you might get moisture damage...	
The best Bluetooth Headset I have ever owned.	
Cool Phone.	
The screen protector for the 5D III is too big and there are air bubbles along the edge of the rear LCD screen.	
Worst ever service.	
Right Case for a great phone.	
Thank You, Will order again.	
cute but lacking.	
Both chargers work as well as the expensive ones did.	
Not good for Skype.	
10-5-05 UPDATE	
I just wanted a phone to call on with great reception.	
Which means if you use this with phones like the VTech DS6321 there is no way to use the headset and mute a call.	
Forget about N80 for a while.. I got this unlocked phone 2 weeks ago, and I LOVE it.	
Plus, without my handset, I coudln't barely hear.	
Shouldn't a cell phone battery last longer than a month??	
So it was raw plastic against my ear.	
I was skeptical as I am with any accessories purchase on Amazon but I can say that I'm very pleased.	
Just an fyi on the worst case of customer service I've experienced in my life.	
So ...buyer be aware on not-completely-true advertising when it comes to the V265.	
Amazing features, attractive look and simple to use.	
I ejected it, and tried two more times.	
The price was right!	
If too many fingerprints - then just wipe it off!	
No one has complained that they can't hear me.	
It will lighten your wallet though.	
The noise cancelling is fantastic, considering he's tried a few other models and I couldn't hear him while he used it in his car, windows down.	
They should provide the photo for the white one so people actually know what it looks like.	
I received this screen protector for my new Amaze, and was immediately disappointed after application.	
I haven't used it yet, but keep it handy.	
Thank you Accessory One--not many company's have treated me with that kind of service and kindness.	
I've dropped three times in the last two years and it's broken it twice.	
Quad-band world-phone supporting GSM 850/900/1800/19005.	
I would highly recommend this product.	
Unless you plan on purchasing an expensive media plan from your carrier, all the connectivity features of this phone are pointless.	
I don't have a problem with the ringtones because I never use ringtones.	
Its well worth it!	
I tried several calls to the same number, without much luck.	
Quad band phone - so it works everywhere6.	
I went for this bluetooth hands free because I was looking for a low price but good device since I have a problem losing or damaging this things.	
My only complaint with this product is that the ear piece is just alittle to big for my ear.	
Works great!.	
The worst.. I hate this phone.	
On both it works great!	
Now I am ready to workout to my favorite dance tunes for hours.	
Best 3G Phone at Cingular/AT&T.	
Even Jawbone that has good reputation for noise reduction couldnot match this one.	
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT if you think you are buying a 1 AMP adapter.	
Still A Good Phone....BUT.... This was my first review of this phone.	
Other wise I would be looking for a minus.	
I didn't buy from this seller, but I owned this phone when it first came out.	
Best headset ever!!!.	
Very annoying.	
Problem with the iPhone (4S) is that the back is a flat panel of Gorilla Glass and does not lift easily off the Sticky Pad.	
An MP3 playerThe phone is reasonable.	
The battery life isn't too bad, but it would probably be a good idea to get a vehicle charger.	
Excellent for the price.	
Sophisticated and stylish, this is the best Nokia phone in years.	
isn't compatible with most phones.	
Not too great!.	
I bought 3 just in case as these things are known to fail but not this one.	
If I am in a meeting or the boss is talking to me, I simply let it beep in my ear 4 or 5 times until the call goes to voicemail.	
Still, the only thing I expected was to not have to use a wired headset and that part did work here.	
Too flimsy.	
The fit is solid and it holds well.	
The software was designed to only transfer a subset of appointments.	
What do you have to loose except bad reception?	
Have read the reviews complaining of smudges and finger prints but find them to be very minimal and easy to clean.	
But it's just too darn tight.	
Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint TechnologyThis product is very disappointing.	
Bad Cell phone batteries.	
Bulk packaged?	
The screen protectors I received were actually for a different type of phone.	
Probably the worst cell phone I've ever had (I've had 4 so far).	
Better Signal in House.	
Palm shafted its returning customers with sand paper.	
I was told that this phone was recalled and the orange sticker symbolizes that it has been fixed and is equipped with new software.	
My phone is not.	
I will gladly return to blueant to find one.	
works just like manufacturer battery in 1/7th the price.	
NOT a dual band antenna as listed here.	
And did not give me any options to format it.	
I wouldn't of even known this had I not stopped.	
Samsung's advice was to buy a new headset!	
Perfect replacement.	
Amazon continues to ship this antenna with the Wilson Electronics Sleek Booster, and it is not the right antenna.	
This was my first time buying from Happy Cellular and my last.	
I received a used and repaired phone.	
Broke quickly.	
Every screen protector gets so so reviews and some are much more expensive.	
Mole Chaser.	
At 18 cents a minutes, if I talk for a total of an hour a month, I only spend about $11.	
I got my piece replaced by another.	
You can set up to three alarms at a time, which is good if you're a deep sleeper.Oh and here's a word of advice	
Other than that, the sound quality is very good and everyone can't tell that I'm on my headset when I call.	
Fits at&t Tilt.	
Time will tell.	
The thing is horrible.	
(You still have to push a phone button for an outgoing call.)	
Music can be played at any point, even while playing a game, and the external speakers are VERY L O U D; very cool.	
The screen color is not as great as what I was looking at online3.	
Whenever you happen to touch it, the phone will let you change the ring tone mode with another side button.	
Sony Ericsson Two Port Standard Charger for my Sony Ericsson w890i.	
It's uncomfortable in my pocket, and most phone holders can't hold it.	
Works as advertised.	
It does not last for six hours, not even close.	
muy bueno todo ,envio rapido buen precio buena cualidad recibido mas o menos en el tiempo previstolos recomendo good purchase ....ok	
Really pricey considering HP's PDA only devices are so much better in quality and design5.	
Clear and Comfortable.	
How may I help you?You	
They're way more cost-effective than constantly buying new cell chargers.Extra bonus-they work on other stuff too, like your GPS or ipod.	
These holders have been working great.	
I gave never seen this in my life and only imagine what if this happened while charging at home or just laying on table and caught house on fire.	
Great Bluetooth Device!.	
I am happy to report that the FreeSpeak fits very well, and easily qualifies as the most comfortable headset I have ever used.Other positives	
I used to carry my phone, MP3 player and blackberry.	
I was unsure how this charger would fit my phone, but it works perfectly fine.	
Don't waste your money, buy a different brand!	
I've had this case for about six month so far and it's already starting to fall apart.	
but yeah, this charger is cheap but will stop working eventually.	
Cos if it were so 'good' I probably wouldnt need to buy a back-up battery pack now, would I?	
Then, after going to the AT&T; wireless store near me, I found the plantronics 320.	
Did I Receive the Same Product?.	
You can't beat this service and not too mention the discounted prices.	
(If you have some issue like me, hope this will help ! )	
You can assign peoples names to pictures and picture id's.	
The battery would not hold a charge straight out of box, but at the price it was sold, I knew it would be hit or miss.	
I was looking for a reliable phone with Speakerphone, Camera and Bluetooth (for hands-free operation).	
(The 7-11's also have scratch-off cards to "fill up" on usage minutes as you go --no contracts.	
It still did not fit although again, the model number indicated it should.	
good value.	
The service was excellent.	
5 STARS!!!!	
Although the price differs from a normal chargers - you can buy them even for $5 they do require this middle part which is annoying:)	
I highly recommend this item.	
Does not work for Moto V173.	
It is a rip off.	
Not for a Vx8500 Chocolate cell phone.	
They all told me that they are struggling to hear me.	
What are dual displays?	
When we upgraded our Cell one contract to GSM, I went with a RAZR, my wife went with a SE Z500.	
Battery not "new".	
Wonderful product!	
I never received this order.	
This smart phone holder is just as good as theBreffo Spiderpodium, only it is half the price.	
The sound, however, was great and I feel strongly that the ear gel is the reason.	
I was connected with a French phone number while I was still in the store.	
It does the job but the controls aren't placed or sized very well.	
The video camera feature of the t809 is outstanding- it is the main reason I went with this model.	
Its never a fun scramble, especially when someone important is at the other end.	
Why don't they start adding labor cost overhead fees, capital expenditure cost fees, misc.	
It's constantly blurry and grainy, even in the best of lighting, with noticeable discoloration and aberration in lowered lighting.	
Does the job.	
Works great!.	
Five numbers per person---that's pretty crazy to me, the fact we have more phone numbers than we have people to use them!	
listen to me.	
This bluetooth headset is so comfortable and easy to use.	
this is the best Bluetooth headset.	
I work for an University and my contract was due 2 months ago.	
If you want a good leather cases go to verizonwireless.com and buy one from there.	
I heard from many other reviews with this same problem and many fixed the problem with the Jabra EarGels.	
Never did they (or I) put 2 and 2 together to see that it was the SD card (although right now it's working, and the card is not in it - go figure!).	
(As a side note, Ace provided nominal compensation for my trouble, which was appreciated.)	
Then, when it's done, it is supposed to turn blue.	
Sure, it looks pretty and has cool features, but the one feature it is missing is a little thing called being a good phone.	
Sharp edges and fingerprints marks.	
I think they need to make the base unit more powerful?	
I only use them for listening to audio books and music on my cell phone.	
It stopped the call history and id, which is a major part of the phone.	
I have tried to use it on the dashboard in various spots and on the console and it just doesn't work.	
I am returning mine for the second time now.	
Small speaker output at the top the phone compare to other phone.8.	
Random Dropped signal and calls.	
They tell me to wait 24 hours for the phone to activateThrice...the phone never activates.	
All of the usual HotSync programs work	
I heard myself relatively clearly, after tinkering with the settings.	
I liked it because I could see call lists for dialed numbers/recieved/missed.	
Not worth returning so it's is a desk drawer.	
I wouldn't pay a dime for this thing.	
I recommend it if you are looking for a cheap cell phone holster.	
Can't beat the price.. Great little headset and the price is unbeatable.	
Don't waste your money.	
The sound quality on my end was ok -- about what it would be like just using the regular speakerphone function on the phone.	
You must remember the sensor has to touch your face while you talk.	
All in all, although the phone is a little bulky, it performs everywhere excellently.	
This phone has performed beautifully for the last year.	
I was pleasantly surprised with its looks once I rec'd the shipment.	
beginning to experience frequent drop calls after 3-4 months of using it.	
In short, you must add a contact prior to sending a text message; which leads me to my next gripe.	
The best bluetooth headset I've tried.	
I was out $150 canx fee plus over $100 for the card.	
I opened cover to find a sizzling hole that burned thru the case of the cordless phone battery while in phone.	
This was my 1st time having a Bluetooh headset and I am totally satisfied with this device.	
When i recieve the phone, all was well.	
Super low price and I got it within three days of ordering using ground shipping.	
Apparently there are many, many fewer 850 band radios deployed than 1900.	
It works, but a dedicated cellphone will work better for that one purpose.	
Occassionally the screen is black when you open it, or blacks-out when you press a key.	
I own a razr, I rate it at 4 stars becuase it's major flaw is that it's too quiet.	
Jawbone does not seem to offer any other buds (not even spares) so I just ordered some Acoustibuds in the hope that I can actually use it.	
This phone is perfect for beginers w/ there first cell phone.	
Leather, belt clip and very convenient.	
Especially since Cingular will not allow the SMARTPHONE connect plan to be used with SMARTPHONES!	
You do the math and tell me it doesn't hold enough pictures!Having the internal antenna hasn't been a concern for me.	
I installed the software, and set it up for my phone, all I got was a message that the phone connected was not the phone that I set it up for!(?).	
Love Grips on the side!.	
Works in stereo for XV6700.	
While checking out the phone, the Cellcom tech immediately noticed something fishy about the battery.	
My bluetooth works very well.	
This has been delivered pretty much on time although not directly from Amazon.	
I think we would ALL prefer these features over having a feature like a camera in our phones.	
Great Device.	
It goes into sleep mode after a short amount of time but doesn't reconnect to the phone unless you request it to do so, sending calls to voice mail.	
A great charger!	
I was terribly surprised because I had to buy different earbuds for my iPod also.	
The annoying static occurs even when I have the phone on my hip, and you can't walk from room to room without the interference getting loud.	
However, I now get full bars in my house and every place at work.	
The phone was fine until it broke.	
Not worth it.	
Once the RAZR was off for a day and I did not notice, because I did not push the button to check.6.	
We really wanted to give my parents a cell phone; they are retired and on the road a lot in their motorhome.	
Don't waste your $$$.	
i just love it!	
Overall, it's a good little phone and I do not regret my purchase.	
You can send photos over bluetooth to a Mac/PC just fine.	
Went to local electronics store and purchased right item.	
My Wife drives a practically new Chevy Blazer and I drive a 19-year old GMC Jimmy.	
WARNING - Features intentionally disabled!.	
I ate the ... early termination fee, I was that fed up with AT&T.	
This headset from Amazon looks different and is truly an inferior product.	
It is so convenient.No purse to carry and with the fanny pack I havehands free shopping.	
Or even more so, being bluetooth.	
Who's rule is it you have to give everyone and everything at least one star?	
Not a bad converter.	
I have a very unique experience with the Blackberry 7100.	
What can I say?They both work as advertised and for an incredibly low price.Sandisk - why don't you include these as part of your package?	
If you buy this product, you have one year to use it.	
I use voice recognition with my phone and that does not work as well as I hoped.	
looks incredibly cheap/ugly.	
It arrived at a latter date because of the snow however, I saved over 100.00 by buying these products here appose to buying local.	
The quality was well worth the price.	
I would not tell anyone to purchase this item.	
I rarely use it because once it is set up, it then becomes difficult to revert to landline calls.	
The rubber earpieces do isolate the rest of the outside noise which is very good for sound, but not good if you're jogging/biking outdoors etc.	
I have charged it about 4 times so far and seems to last almost 2x as long as the original OEM battery from my cell.	
Works fine!!.	
The only problem I have with it is the giant box you stick on your outlet.	
*** BEWARE.	
I also really liked that you could turn it off easily by closing the mic boom.	
The Sumsung I carry around with me needs a recharge every other day.	
works perfectly and at $2 for a plantronics headset, a brand i've used for more than 15 years, i couldn't be happier.	
This is the same thing only so much more affordable.	
The Wifi and Phone features are another gain.	
However, the battery only lasted a couple hours.	
It's way to bright.	
This review is just to make you aware of the phone turning off without reason.	
The sales reps spoke of it as if it were the second coming of Jesus, but they must have been lied to as well.	
The speaker sound is great and callers say I sound very clear on it too.The positives	
I've had my enV for over a month now and I'm generally happy with it..EXCEPT...call quality not as good as the razr I had prior to the enV.	
It provides sufficient amplification even for the softest of talkers on the other end of the line.	
This product gets an F- for engineering, but a B for sound quality, hence, 2 stars.	
There's nothing too fancy about.	
After using 10-15 mins the battery is getting fully discharged.	
Great phone, good battery, nice interface.	
I purchased this unit 1 year ago and have plenty of experience with it.	
Unfortunately, the plug on this headset has a collar on it that prevents usage on certain phones.	
Great Value.	
I have had minimal dropped calls and get signal pretty much wherever I go.	
I love the Plantronics 640 so I wasn't wanting to replace it.	
Clearly not that great.. Bought 2, my wife and myself.	
Avoid this phone!.	
well put together.. I've gotten the phone just recently, i was hesitant at first bec.	
Unfortunately, the batteries aren't well made.	
The appearance of this Bluetooth headset looks fine.	
Nice idea but poorly implemented.	
This is my first and most likely last review as I don't usually like to waste my time writing these.	
We've had our Supertooth Light(STL) for about 2 weeks now and paid about $[...].	
Easily connected to the phone.	
I hate this item and tmobile.	
Don't have drivers to get this to work on linux properly, but it is detectable.	
Incredible Device.	
While it's still usable, it is unattractive and lets in dirt and dust very easily.	
You get what you pay for.	
If you just want this phone simply for phone calls, then this phone is for you.	
My battery life is comparable to other phones I have had.	
Clarity could be better but otherwise great.	
Look at all the negative feedback they get.	
Probably Cingular's fault, but it really bugs me you cannot use the phone while GPRS is doing its thing.	
Wired provides the best quality connection....unfortunately.	
It is very light so you don't even feel it in your ear, but what good is that if it doesn't work.	
There were no instructions enclosed, just the actual headset.I tried the headset on my Treo 755p.	
Imagine the fustration when you remember locking your keypad as in above and decide to look at the time.	
Nice cell phone.	
Very, very happy.	
Died after couple of days-wasted my money.	
Using a new technology of touch sensitivity, the phone is difficult to use and constantly dials numbers while it should be locked.	
This is a good value for the price paid.	
This battery was a major disappointment.	
So far so good with this one, plus the glowing tip (besides just being neat-o) makes it easy to find.	
The long awaited Body Glove case for my Nokia 3390 was the longest wait I had.	
I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used.	
It just really sucks for those of us with small ear canals.	
I quit using the holdster.	
RIP OFF!!!!!!	
Unfortunately, I have yet to find anyone who tells me that this will fix this problem and keep it from recurring.	
I can not stress how much this will be irritating2.	
I then realized that it was also what I wanted in a phone too.	
I strongly demand amazon, not to sell this product on their site and loose their credibility.	
The downside is the length of the cord -- a bit shorter than she (or I) would prefer.	
"pay more for a real treo connector.	
Perfect no but am not sure there is a perfect anything out there.	
This one is very durable.	
Will fit ANY cigarette lighter port no matter which car you haveSave the search time and go with this one...VERY nice unit!	
I would purchase this case again, but next time I'd pick a dark color.	
Only problem is the magnet might cause your phone to turn on or off as I used it to carry my Sony Ericsson phone instead of a Motorola.	
I called Motorola's help line, and they gave me suggestion that were no help.	
Excellent incoming sound quality - anything less and you will not be thrilled.	
I am one of those trendy college kids that MUST have the best of everything.	
The Eforcity adapter gives sound just as clear as a good stereo system.	
It's the most user friendly headset I've used.	
Mind you, I always carefully placed my phone in protective purse pockets when out & about.	
Stiffness of the cord makes earpieces move in your ear if you move the phone.	
The feature that did not work was the clock.	
How will you know if information provided by Cingular is accurate?3.	
This phone has a lot of drop calls, and lately I have been hearing this weird ticking sound.	
Perfect size and weight.	
In my town, not a small town by any means, there are very few places that have any service.	
Having to mess with the audio formats gets me to the point of saying Why bother?"""	
I use this to charge my TomTom 920 GPS receiver.	
When I purchased the phone i didn't get a car charger.	
Generates terrible static or hangs up my phone every time I try to use it with my Samsung cell phone.	
everything I buy from these guys is quality stuff for dirt cheap!	
This phone should be sold to existing customers as well.	
I think you will too!	
2 of which were in the last 2 weeks.	
The only gripe that I have is that it doesn't have all the nice features of some of the other phones (voice dialing, camera, bluetooth).	
Only useful for updating your phone book or charging the phone.	
I returned the defective order requesting a refund.	
I've owned alot of headsets and have never been happy with one until I purchased this one about a year ago.	
Recommend this seller highly!	
wanted the charger as a temporary charger, but it has proven good for longer term.	
Haven't had much luck using it with a BT USB dongle, it is inconsistant.	
Software doesn't work with cable.	
This item is to big for my ear and is very uncomfortable at best.	
The keyboard is definitely full-size with a number row at the top, which is not on all foldables.	
Disappointed.	
Extremely unsatisfied.	
your directories arent enough for me.why dont you have a map.because its very crowded.	
These headphones are great.	
Setup was a breeze.The blue tooth works perfectly with my AT&T; Tilt phone.	
I received my case on a Friday, even after seeing another review warning about the belt clip breaking easily.	
(g) The software that allows synchronization of contacts with one's PC is unreliable.	
PalmOne ROM update fixes flaws.	
I'm pleased and will buy another one for backup or travelling on my next order from Amazon - just in case.Update	
Much better.	
After searching for a Body Glove Cell phone case for my Sony Ericsson W810i and not finding any, I decided to go with this Original pouch case.	
Pretty nice, and better than the others..... I bought this earbud as an upgrade to the earbud which came with my AT&amp;T,Nokia 8260.	
One day working, one day not.Great idea, poor implementation.	
all phone numbers, calender events, notes, reminders, alarms, all that junk can be made and entered online and it goes right to ur device.	
There are graphical icons that take you to different feature sets and then there are pop up menus that come up under each selection.	
The VERY first day I got my phone I put it in the side pocket of my purse and at the end of the day, it had three obvious scratches on it.	
RAZR for T-Mobile.	
Nice product.	
I would buy another if I needed another, this unit seems of better quality than those cheap ones you see elsewhere.	
It was OK at first.	
The Nokia 3650 can be described with one word	
Every caller said I sounded as though I was talking as normal.	
micro sd it cute, and may be compatible with other cell phones, but there are no peripherals available for micro sd, it should be sd3.	
I've learned to reset the unit's "on" button and then it works great.	
In short, unless you have superb hearing(suprman) I would avoid this phone.	
Virgin Mobile makes it affordable and this cool phone makes me feel like I'm not missing out by being with one of the big wireless companies.	
The reception is better than the v60 (the one I had before).	
I thought it was too good to be true and it was!	
I have owned it for 6 months and still don't like it.	
It quite snugly fits the phone, but not impossible to put on/remove.	
Don't make the same mistake I did.	
At first, I was hesitant because I thought it was entirely too expensive.	
I was totally ripped off.	
My only complaint is that the swivel connection to the belt clip allows the pouch rotate freely.	
The electro blue lighting in the front is way cool and the design is super sleek.	
got it a day later basically ordered around 10 pm and got it around today so great shipping and it works great, drivers work and everything!	
The phone maybe fine, but T-Mobile is the worst customer service I have ever come across.	
so if you are ok with paying an additional cell phone bill or if you're not in a contract with anyone then this is a great deal.	
I bought these from a Radio Shack (they were very hard to find anywhere) and I was VERY skeptical because of all the bad reviews.	
I can also promise you that if I had the correct product in hand, I wouldn't be spending my time and energy complaining about this.	
Remote does not work with the cube.	
This item is going back.	
Defective or does not work for Sanyo RL-7300.	
I believe that posting a photo that does not match the product is false and misleading advertising.	
Be careful to see what you actually receive from these folks.	
simple and straightforward.	
The device itself isn't bad, but the problems it does have don't make up for its features, form factor, or anything good it offers.	
The ruby pearl color is real attractive and makes the thing look like a 1955 T-Bird or something.	
What they were thinking, I'll never know	
I've always liked this case from the day I bought it.	
I purchased this item because state law requires a headset be used while driving.	
I was within a foot of it and could hear my wife clear as a bell(on the highest volume, she could hear fine at the lowest setting).	
Overall, my experience with this product was not a good one.	
So here's my story... I previously owned an LG AT&T; Wireless phone that received what I would grade B reception.	
Very disappointed guess I should have believed the reviews.	
Good you can't beat the price.	
This was very frustrating and caused me a lot of grief as I was not able to get on the Internet for a week due to Amazon's problem.	
I strongly advise against buying it.	
I tried Sprint for double the amount and sent it back.	
The company was great to work with, but the product is a piece of junk!	
This process was so Easy!!.	
I do not know if it is a used battery or not, I ordered a new battery.	
This is definitely an item one should try before buying.	
Got phoned back by HP, they told me they cannot repair the unit they offered a swap and wanted to charge me 303$ (excessive).	
I like the motorola H670 for a few reasons.	
Best Bluetooth headset so far.... I have been through 4 different bluetooth headsets so far, and this one is far and away the best.	
Cheaply Made, But Cheaply Bought.	
It's extremely lightweightSolid bluetooth headset, particularly considering the price.	
Two Broken Phones Later.... I ordered my first N75 about a month ago.	
I then ordered a regular ear bud and like it much, much better.	
Recently, some calls would have heavy static and I have to call the other person back.	
Any other USB device I connect works with no problem whatsoever.	
My experience was Awful indeed.	
Thankfully no damage was caused to the axim.	
The over-the-ear speaker is much more comfortable than the in-the-ear headsets.	
Reversible for either ear.	
I got this phone about a year ago, it's held up pretty well.	
Highly recommended!	
It does have a good (not great) camera, the MP3 player plays MP3s, and the micro SD card is nice.	
The phone screen cracks easily i dropped mine closed and the liquid started coming out so i had to get a new one.	
The dictionary like function on the phone keeps a track of all the words you spell.	
I find the display very readable.	
This was a cool headset for the first couple of months that it worked, but I can't recommend any product that breaks after just a few months.	
Works with some phones better than others.. I received two of these as gifts.	
Design needs improvement.	
The software is not compatable with Verizon's software.I will be returning this today.	
The design stinks.	
However, when I received it it wouldn't even fit into my phone.	
It didn't activate properly.	
Head included.	
I have had my treo for about 2 months now and i love it.	
Everytime this phone is sold, alarms should sound and the Nextel rep should go to jail for false advetisement.	
My wife doesn't have this problem, might be an ear shape thing!?	
This phone is slighly larger than normal so it fits in my large hands well.	
A total waste of money.	
Worst Cell Phone I Ever Owned.	
Everything is easy to find and the phone is sturdy and slick.	
It came in a very timely way.	
Makes your bluetooth like new again.	
The driver did not have the lg 8550 version of the chocolate, there for it would not sync.	
The "Body Glove" transparent Prism Case is truly excellent.	
Even when I reduce brightness from 100% to 50% (lowest possible) there is hardly any noticeable difference on the screen.	
Or download them from VZW.All in all, this phone is not a conventional cellphone.	
This is my third bluetooth headset and it is the worst I have had.	
After sending the package back to the company I never received any refund.	
Then, when I tried it, it did not work.	
I highly recommend this product.	
The high quality thumbnail sized images I've taken have been around 1 kb.	
Despite the apparent similarities in the photos, it is not the case I remember and I'll be looking to replace it immediately.The problem	
I recently purchased a Motorola V60i phone, and needed a case due to my history of being "heavy handed" with cell phones.	
The Best Phone Ever.	
The N82 and the N95 are the only units that best this phone but they go for $100-200 more.	
I have a Cingular Treo 650.	
Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset.	
I have had this phone for about 9 months.	
Most importantly though, reception is excellent everywhere I use the phone and standby time is absolutely amazing (greater than 2 weeks.)	
Motorola Headphones.	
Great product, dumb customer.	
This product is listed as a 1 Amp AC/DC Adapter.	
The Plantronics was far superior as far as the sound quality on my end and hearing what other people are saying.	
Everytime I call, they say they cannot find my records and put me on hold for 30 minutes before finding it.	
There are many better phones for the money.	
I bough it for my LG phone it is a little larger than the one design for it so it messes up the sound when inserted all the way in.	
I have used V300 (not v330, but I assume they are in the same line) for over a year.	
Motorola H 700 bluetooth.	
Sent the phone back within the first month.	
However, the company was gracious and made every effort to make it better.	
You'll never learn.	
Didnt live up to expectations, but might have been defective.	
I really like this one.	
After getting very angry, I found a solution.	
The microphone seemed to be fine.The ear pieces are unfortunately attached to the head band via thin plastic.	
But I have no problems with this and now am kind of liking being hands free!	
Motorola Hands-Free Headset for RAZR V3This product is good for what it is.	
Connectivity!	
The sound is clear and plenty loud enough.	
While I was happy with my previous Krussel case for Blackberry 7250, this is just too off.	
The quality is very durable and the magnet enclosure works great.The belt hook and the loops work great and are very sturdy.	
Ruby Pearl mmmmm :).	
), but I never seemed to use those options often enough.	
I am going back to Motorola.	
Hooked it up to my Motorola A1200.	
Just hope that your phone never quits working.	
It's a nice looking phone that's very customizable.	
I have one for my Blackberry Pearl and I absolutely love it!	
Creative Zen Rapid Car Charger.	
Gotta stick to low-tech analog headsets for that.Overall, it is very good but not perfect.	
It arrived quickly, complete with tools.	
Great Phone, I love it.. The only drawback to this phone is, it doesnt have an mp3 player.	
I couldn't hear any tones when it turned on or off.	
I want this phone!.	
It delivers better range (aka more than ten feet), great sound quality and works with more devices than anything i've seen in a similar price range.	
A one time fee of 250 and then free US calling for the rest of your life over the internet.	
I have the Zen Vision M 60gb.	
i would still have it if it hadent been stolen	
One being the fact that the phone clips in with the small screen facing outwards.	
This charger works perfectly with it.	
Its rather bulky antenna is not doing much good since it does not have strong reception at all.	
I don't know why but it seems as if the phone freezes for about 10 seconds, but then goes back to the main screen and is fine.	
I know it may be that the display is different from a cell phone or a hand held game.	
Can't stand the A460 either - features too cumbersome to use.	
I let my wife use it and I listened to her and sure enough she didn't sound all that great.	
Not worth bothering with return.	
Not Happy, I had better luck with the ones I purchased at Best Buy.	
You cannot "add entry" when trying to store additional phone numbers under a phone book entry name.	
the only down fall i can find is that you have to press on the touch screen with alot of pressure for it to work though the plastic case.	
Excellent Protection.	
ALSO, it was not the same screen in the picture.	
2 days of reasonable use and about 4 days of standby is about all you can expect.	
It works best with WAP/WML pages of course.	
As I knelt down to reach across the car, I felt the phone NEXT to my leg(it wasn't even directly under my leg, but it was tweaked enough to break.	
Just another comment regarding no wall charger unit for the Motorola T305.	
Easy pairing and gr8 sound.	
Going with a different phone this time.	
I have purchased at least 5 bluetooth headsets, and returned all of them.	
good sound, awkward design.	
The earpiece was very uncomfortable (painful) - despite attempts to get use to it.	
don't let them push this phone on you.	
this was purchased to down load from my cell ph to my computer BUT it did not work.	
feels great in the hand.fits perfectly..luv the grippy sides..worth ever penny...highly reccommend..does not add any bulkiness to the phone.	
The screens are bright, and razor sharp, no pun intended.	
The phone is to heavy for the clip provided.	
review... My tracfone has worked out good so far.	
I also downloaded lots of games, themes & applications.	
The features on the phone are great.	
!T-mobile is doing an excellent job in keeping signal where I got dead spots with "other" provider.	
Was told by the folks trying to sell me a new phone that there was no battery left on the market for my old cell phone.	
The headset doesn't fit.	
great phone.	
It is small enough to fit in my pocket without even noticing it is there!	
Banned from store shelves.	
Unhappy with the product.	
This faceplate has also received more compliments than others because of its striking originality, so wear it when you want to dress to impress.	
I am still looking for the Great Bluetooth Headset.	
So it's just my luck to have "special" ears!	
The purchase was not a good one.	
It also scratches VERY easily.	
When was the last time you seriously used a camera-picture anyway?	
The only good thing I can say about the Audiovox phone is that the display was bright and clear, and had extremely vivid color.	
Also it has Wifi.	
They claim that the postal service lost it (which is possible) but in any event the whole process was terrible.	
It's fine for the external buttons to do something (i.e.	
(So far, about 3 times in the past week.)	
If you need an easy hands free solution to be able to access your phone while you drive, this is a great product!	
1 penny plus shipping.	
cover stays in place	
I have a V260 so I got one of these cases and when i put it on my phone it wouldn't even shut thats how small it was.	
The adhesive on the underside makes it fustrating to remove any dirt that may get stuck on it.	
Does not fit Samsung A640.	
I've had my this phone swapped 3 times.	
The Motorola HT820 Bluetooth headset is a great product.	
Excellent Phone.	
I liked the look and feel of this phone compared to my old fatty Nokia 6600 and the menu's were easy to customize.	
Works with PocketPc software.	
People have a lot of trouble hearing me unless I hold the mike right by my mouth.	
It was scary to do that because you actually think that you would damage the ipod.	
The title says it all.	
She left the phone in her pants pocket and in the washer it went.	
Comparing it to the t-mobile sidekick there are a few setbacks.	
I have been using it for 1 month and just found out that issue now because when i put it on my hand the signal just lose haft of it.	
This unit was ordered from Amazon since it provided the 12v and current levels that I needed.	
This product works with my 4 GB IPod Nano.	
Great Headset.	
I was quite happy with it - the fit around the ear was comfortable and the sound quality was good.	
Click New with my finger.4.	
You have to use your current power source, this does not replace it.	
Incredible.	
No complaints.	
You have to keep your phone well within arm's reach to prevent garbled sound from the headphones.	
I don't see what others have liked about this.	
I wish it was a little more flexible.	
i've had my phone for over a year now and in that time i've paid to have the screen fixed 3 times - each time for about $50.	
My LG VX8300 snaps in securely and the belt clip rotates.	
Works great!.	
The synch to outlook capibility is excellent and well executed.	
The service was great, the product even arrived before promised.	
Pairing was quick and effortless.	
This product is great.	
Then write an Amazon review.	
I had tried others that just sat on top of the ear.	
I would not recommend.	
Now it's back to lasting a few days without a charge instead of everyday and then every few hours.	
The USB cable and software did NOT work for the Sony Z525A phone, purchased through Xcingular.	
Fragile breaks very easily.	
I'm not so sure.	
I've read some other reviews about poor fit but mine fits perfectly.	
I have traveled to a lot of different places and have experienced spotty coverage with sprint everywhere I have gone.	
I did a few tests and it seemed to work well... until I called my wife while she used her headset.	
Can say it enhanced my cell signal any.	
Highly recommended.	
I bought this model because of the in-ear bud.	
There was some kind of gunk by the mouthpiece, perhaps makeup, foundation?	
My second favorite is the green mist.	
WHEN , or if you can get it to work.. I gave up and threw mine away when it would not work correctly on any device.	
So one needs to be near the computer to do this.On the whole a dissapointment not worth the price.Niloufer Tamboly, CISSP	
I received this item and plugged my player into it with roughly half of the battery left.	
It's a no brainer.	
big disappointment.	
The pink color is bright and doesn't match anything but my phone is pink and it doesn't disappear if placed around other things!	
As everyone says, the display screen on this phone is awesome.	
I had been searching for an OEM replacement battery for my Sanyo PM8200, but couldn't find one anywhere.	
Headset is light and I have actually forgotten I have it on.	
After two weeks of use, the battery will not hold a charge for more than about 3 hours without using it.	
THANKS for the reviews - you have saved me time, money & frustration for letting me know - it won't work.	
but not if it would compromise the technology.Have LG VX9800 the V. Voice dialing works only if u press the button on the phone first.	
it's my upgrade from the last generation (which lasted me a couple of years).	
Excellent Product.	
I went and read the feedback for them and I am definitely not the only one that hasn't received their product.	
Your wasting your money if you buy this.	
No Problems So far.	
Thanks for the great value!	
It is especially good for travelling in airports and cars and the cut-in with calls when listening to the MP3 player is a great feature.	
Topeka, KS, Cingular service.	
Pay $20 for a better one instead.	
Overall it is a worthy addition although even when folded larger than my N800 by an inch or two.	
Found it very good.	
The car charger works OK but the advertising said it was also for the VX 8700.	
T-Mobile Sucks.	
Had no additional benefit in stronger areas, useless in rural dead zones- will probably have to consider a proper signal amplifier system.	
You can snap in different clips or belt loops.	
When it's dry, the surface cures for a day and almost seems to become a part of your player, making it impervious to scratches and dust.	
This was not the item I ordered.	
(Too bad we can't give a "0 star" rating.)	
Overall do not buy this product.	
Decided to buy my mom a new phone which I did not want to do.	
Shipping was very quick, I received it days before I was expecting to, however, I am disappointed with the headset.	
By then, the Motorola headset would no longer come on.	
I wasn't expecting much, but this product addressed the issues I was concerned with.	
Here are the Pros and Cons I found so far...Pros :)1.	
I purchased this cable so I can listen to my MP3 player in my van.	
The other one produces a lot of static-like noise for people on the other end of the line.	
After you push the mute button, nothing happens immediately.	
It is not my first cell phone, but is my first Nextel.	
My friends Asked me to return this.	
If a cop pulls me over, he is not going to believe it was on speaker because i was glued to my head anyways, so whats the point !	
Fantastic product - with the right accessory.	
Lowest price I could find for this connector that is well made and reliable.	
Let me list the reasons why this phone is the worst tech investment ever:1.	
I have had the phone for 8 months now and have pretty good luck with it.	
whatever you do, do not get this phone.	
Which leads into texting and data entry.	
The Motorola H700 is the first Bluetooth headset I have owned and it works great with my Motorola RAZR V3c.	
This Bluetooth device is not very good.	
However, Nokia's representative was extremely knowledgable and helpful and that did reduce my frustration.	
Does it work?	
This seemed a little odd but I went ahead and did it.	
This software is good for nerds, perhaps, but not for the faint of heart.	
TAKE HEED TO THIS REVIEW.	
The cable works fine with my razor but the software and getting the computer to detect the phone is a hassle and I had to get help on the net.	
I just got ripped off by Amazon.	
I use it during my daily job.	
I have a Razr and it connects fine, albeit not as easy as a Motorola BT would but i like the look of this one more than any other on the market.	
Excited to finally be able to use the RAZR again with a new battery.	
Poorly constructed.	
it worked well.	
Never think about getting the c332 it has a built-in antenna but there isnt really one.	
For some reason after I ordered it the delivery date got pushed waayy back from the original and the item went out of stock.	
The result?	
After Nokia I got spoiled with the easy calendar sync.	
No complaints at all.	
Frustrated.	
no hasle headset with great sound quality.	
But this is a small and infrequent problem.	
I am not giving it 5 stars for two reasons only	
Best Phone EVER.	
I charged the item for two nights, then started to use it.	
Virgin Mobile doesn't make you pay BS access fees like the other guys.And 5 cent text messaging is more than fair.	
Bad items, or bad product?.	
Ive had four bluetooth earpieces and This one fits very comfortable and is the the loudest one Ive used yet.	
Four Stars -- If You Get a Good One.	
Be forewarned - even though Kensington promotes this tip as compatible with LG cell phones, it's not compatible with all models.	
I paid so much for this skin because I thought the whole phone would be pink just like the picture.	
I bought this for my 80 GB Zune and it is useless.	
For the people that are bashing this phone, it isn't an Iphone and isn't intended to be.	
I think that it may have been where one of the buttons was pressed by the case because it was not an OEM product and didn't fit perfectly.	
I can hear whatever is said no mater where I am.	
i got it for my ipod; apple makes one, about $29, as you can see this one is a fraction of that price, so im happy i did a little research.	
Sent it in for warranty repair.	
When i came back to san francisco, i put my sim card in (cingular) and it SEEMED to work fine.	
Motorola KRZR K1m Swivel Rotating Belt Clip Holster.	
It's easy to set up and program.	
but the phone itself is the best Nextel there is.	
great phone.	
* Very bulky and heavy, not comfortable to use for a long period of time* Very poor reception.	
I'm using a holster type case now that came with my laptop bag.	
I compared and contrasted.	
My Husband Loves This.	
It doesn't have a normal keyboard, so you must flip the screen up to press the keys, then flip the screen back down to listen and talk.	
However it switches on and off whenever it wants, it looses contact with the phone.	
Works as expected/advertised.	
I'm not happy.	
I took it on vacation and when I came back I told 'Hassel Free' about the problem.	
The noise level is minimal and I can hear much better than with previous headsets I've owned.Rosemary/Port Charlotte, FL	
I sent my phone to them.	
Not universal.	
Customer service debugged and fixed that pretty fast.	
The reception on this phone is without equeal.	
Unfortunately, that just draws attention to the hideousness of it all.	
This is a constant problem that is my ear type not the products quality.	
It appears to remain "on" at all times as the green light stays lit under all conditions of cell phone and ignition status.	
The instructions included with the CD are overly simple and somewhat incomplete.	
Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective.	
Please buy the original charger if possible.	
We returned them.	
It took me awhile to get the earpiece in my ear and I found it to be not only uncomfortable but painful as well (and that was without earrings).	
I bought a Hanspring Platinium, and I get the worse Customer service or technical support following a problem, my recommendation is AVOID TO BUY IT	
Battery life excellent - over a week on standby with at least 3 hours of calls.5.	
Below Entry Level.	
Sure, but I didn't buy it for the camera, just wanted a good phone.4.	
2) The main button, which turns the phone on and off and allows you to make calls, seems to get pushed when inside my purse.	
Poor overall design.. People complained about the earbud being too big, but it is not meant to go straight into the ear, but rather to be sideways.	
Broke after only a few weeks.. The 3.5mm cable broke after about 3 weeks of use.	
Best phone I've owned.	
I get horrible reception pretty much everywhere go when others with the same carrier but different phones do just fine.	
Contacts are worn, dints in the plastic and scratches.AccessoryOneCondition Seller Information Ready to buy?$6.96+ $2.98shippingNew	
this headset is a very nice headset.	
Going to find a different headset to use...	
and the folding prongs make it more so.	
Poorly crafter Bluetooth Headset Carrying Case.	
I travel beyond 30 ft in different parts of my apartment and still get clear calls.	
I'm 30+ yrs old I want style and this phone is style!	
ONLY BUY BOXWAVE!.	
I was told by callers that they were able to hear me allright.	
Also, still Moto's don't come with any good ringtones.	
Its a [...] and it doesnt work.	
No thanks, I'll try Cingular.	
And the volume is VERY LOW on this thing, regardless of my futile attempts to raise the volume on it.	
-ve 5 star for that.	
When I tried it on, I was very disapointed.	
Fits comfortably.	
It's never stable enough to actually use.Would not buy unless you've bought before and had success.	
Its supposed to come from the right ear from the factory, if it came for the left ear ,you got a used one.	
Here are my own observations of this phone:PROS:1.	
I got this along with my LG PM-325 Sprint phone.	
Like the fact strap is detatchable.	
For example, the instruction voice for voice command calling is so loud it will make your ears ring...and you cannot turn it down.8.	
I get a new one, it's just now now starting to break.	
I think it has to do with interference between my phone and earpiece but haven't concluded exactly how to eliminate those events.	
Setup was pretty straight forward and it seems to work great for what I wanted.	
Luck of the draw on the batteries I guess.	
Neither did any of my Macs = G3 (OS 9.2) or G4 or DuoCores (OS 10.4).	
Got a Class I Bluetooth 2.0+ EDR (100m) USB Bluetooth transmitter on my computer and not a single dropout and good 96-112KBps Mp3 quality playback.	
Once again, no dice, *and* I got to observe first-hand how shabbily AT&T; was treating their own employees in the local storefront.	
Horrible phone - waste of money & time.	
But it cost almost nothing to buy and work perfectly if using it for files transfer.	
I do not recommend anyone buy this product.	
The keys are much easier to press where you can use your fingers and not forced to used the pointer unless you got ET fingers.	
This battery didn't last any longer than the old battery that it replaced.	
Bought this cheap replacement for my v-tech 20-2481 cordless phone.	
Works great, sound is great and even without the clip people can hear me just fine.	
I have had no problems with it at all.	
VERY PLEASED WITH THE PROMPT DELIVERY AND WITH THE PRODUCT!!!!	
HOWEVER, I really wish to warn people against this phone.	
That was a mistake.	
Great Product!.	
I'm sure this will last for years.	
With win6, if you can use windows on a PC, then you can use about 80% of this phone's features- gotta appreciate simplicity.	
The batter life is amazing, charging is quick!	
It was the one thing that we couldn't find on the software.	
Good communication.	
Headset Review.	
Also, to transfer music from your PC to this phone by USB is agonizing, as the phone takes more than half an hour to transfer a single CD (10 songs).	
Bright bright it is!!!!!!!!!.	
Now you buy a Razr.	
Bought two and neither one works well with my blackberry.	
It looked like it had been used for a couple of years then sent to me.	
The first got disconnected and never called baack.	
Not Worth Your Time.	
I uninstall and reinstall on Windows XP.	
Why Bother.	
slightly big for a phone.	
Eventually, the pairing was cut off and all that was heard was loud static.	
Also paying $6 s&h for something that only costs $6.50 made me feel kindof..... stupid.	
All my friends have got one now and the phone is just very quick.	
This is an excellent phone*Great big ultra definition screen*Great camera*great signal*No drop calls*Full internetbrowser with opera miniA++++	
A good buy for sure.	
disappointed.	
Cell Phone Battery.	
Motorola H500 Bluetooth.	
I would not bother to write this review if I'd paid less than $10 but for the price I paid I felt compelled to say something.	
Great Headset!!!.	
It is convenient to handle, and the buttons are not too small.	
I like that I can make recordings and save them as ring tones using the voice recorder.	
All Looks No Substance.	
I used to have 1-2 bars at home even with a 8 year old phone now I get none.Automatic keypad lock - None existant!	
Motorola Razr V3, the thinnest flip phone ever.	
Nope, it's not.	
Oh yea, the ad claimed 32 hours of use between charges, but once I got them the specs said 7-8 hours.	
I sure hope it works better than it looks!	
I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off.	
Perfect product for my application.	
Another Plantronics Hit.	
Tinny Sound.	
I personally don't believe that constitutes buyers remorse.	
too many problems.	
As i saw it, tought of returing at that moment.	
Great casing.	
not theirs.	
good product.	
I got my replacement within 10 days and it works fine !	
The text messages however, I lose forever.I can't wait until my contract is up.	
The phone looks nice but it's a piece of junk.	
Delivered as promised, on time.	
Poorly made product.. This case is poorly made and tore the minute I put my Blackberry Pearl in it.	
I have unplug this unit from the wall and then plug it back in to get it working again.	
Get it for free while you can!.	
I have no idea why it attracts so much dust.	
I always forget to charge my phone at home and this really comes in handy.	
Somehow the phone also would get stuck on my call history page and wouldn't go back to the contacts.	
I contacted the seller and they said that because the charger is not OEM, the phone displays the message, but it will still charge.	
TEXT MESSAGE WHERE ARE U. This phone has good palm/outlook compatibility, but its e-mail and text messaging system SUCKS.	
worst Bass.	
It sits comfortably in my ear, but will not stay there if I'm moving about or move my head suddenly.	
During one morning commute, I made 23 calls to my wife and filled her voicemail up with sounds from my radio.	
I also got a bluetooth ready phone.	
As cheaply made as a Chinese toy, I blew through three of these in a period of 6 months.	
Outside I have 2 to 3 bars on my phone.	
I have had the Sanyo 8100 phone from Sprint for about 14 months.	
If irritated callers are not a problem for you, then this is a great product.	
My friend used her's with a Jaba bluetooth headset and the circuit board got fried.	
I did not feel that the hefty price tag was worth how well it did or did not do in my case.	
I wouldn't reccomend this item at all.	
Wishful Thinking (DON'T DO IT!!).	
I did not like this product for the following reasons:1) The 'hanging over the ear' just didn't go well with me.	
These screen protectors come in a 10 pack which you'll need if you don't want air bubbles.	
I have loaded it with about 60 MP3s (about 200 MBs).	
Great Gift!.	
He's got a sportier (read	
Only downfall is that it picks up a lot of wind noise, etc.	
This did not work.	
Works great and is built really well.	
Best of all I really enjoy the feel and function of the buttons.	
In the same room where my above mentioned friend has a great singal strength, my phone is totally out of signals.	
Not sure it's worth your money.	
Tries but falls short.	
Not recommended in a noisey environment.	
I ended using my old one again because it lasts longer.	
NOKIA BL-5C EXTENDED LI-ION BATTERY.	
Product just didn't work!.	
Also, the Motorola do not link well to samsung phones.	
Bulky and heavyThe phone is too big and heavy.	
Also, I found the mouth piece too far from my mouth - this isn't a problem if you talk very very loudly.	
It won't work on lg cu500.	
Sound Sucks.	
fab price on outstanding quality ear buds...their SONY afterall...and they work with all min.pin style plugs too...	
This headset works very well with my Motorla E815 phone.	
No Blackberry Enterprise 4.0 Support.	
Our lesson learned, prepaid services may provide a phone but stick you with no service.	
When I got a new cell phone I gave my husband my old earboom and he was able to use it with one of the difference sized ear pieces.	
I figured out the plug situation, but never mastered current.	
Watchout if you buy Phone Tools and think it will work with XP media edition You may have bought a red herring!	
My goal was to keep me from holding a handset on my shoulder and it works perfect.	
Love my new phone.	
Just checked as it's recharging and you guessed it - it says it now.'	
It looks like a webcam picture, not bad at all.The ringtone choices are limited, but I managed to find one I liked.	
I have never gotten anything so fast.	
Gimmee a break!	
For half the price, it was well worth the money.	
I thought I had made a great purchase.Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.	
(I returned V551 for wanting the calling card functionality hoping 6230 has it.	
They informed me that I never ordered a second cable.	
This phone has many functions, but enough are poorly executed that if I had to choose again, I would get a different smartphone.	
They appologized for the phone and gave me a new one, for free.	
No complaints, works well, hearing is fine, compacts and is easy to store and travel with.	
Great experience.	
Too much money for too little phone.	
I can buy 4 of these batteries here at Amazon.	
I could not get all of the bubbles out of the screen no matter how I tried and I put several of them on and it did not matter.	
(But if you switch between the two often, the case will expand and will feel loose with the slim battery attached.)	
Will not hold charge 12 hrs.	
NOT Plantronics.	
Where are the lawyers when you need them.	
Let's be safe on the road!	
The service is excellent.	
The headphones?	
Get what you pay for.	
We tested it on how far the phone could be from the headset and still be useable.	
I pretty much agree with all the reviews.	
The phone itself is very slim, and I was surprised that it came with a holster and a nice earpiece, not those cheap ass ones.	
Works great in Washington DC.	
Also buyer beware, There is a belt clip with this.	
It is very very fragile.	
All depends on your luck.	
Best case out there.	
This is a horrible product, and horrible customer service from seller... avoid like the plague!	
You could not talk at normal level and always be heard.	
Much better phones out there.	
What an awful feeling.	
This was my second one and both have ripped the same way.	
Nothing I did would make them stay in there, even jamming them into my ear canal.	
On my T610 it took only 5 minutes to enter.8.	
I just got a new Razr and I thought that I would have less synching issues if I got a Motorola bluetooth; I was right.	
well made, fits phone very well.	
This adaptor is great and eforcity service is even greater.	
i guess you get what you pay for	
(f) No memory expansion available.	
With 8525 OS you must select Menu, then Edit, then Copy.	
Value for the dollar excellent.	
You can't play the radio without the headsets in the phone which is bulky and annoying.	
The cable does not always spin right back and it's rather hard to make it do so.	
It was not "unlocked".	
The phone shuts off by itself even when the battery is fully charged!	
However, for me, I am stuck with a phone that calls the last person in my call log ALL THE TIME.	
Doesn't have a clip, can't swivel, very weak & poorly made anchor system holding case to belt clip.	
Hold the RIM Blackberry 8700 securely.	
I've had it set for my pearl 8130 (new from sprint), my work computer, my co-wokers (a few of them)'s computers as well as my wife and kid's.	
Pairing cell phones is very easy, and speaker volume is loud enough.	
After returning the travel cooler, I had no use for this unit, so I returned it too.	
We're trying to return our phone (didn't get to use it), although if you buy a prepaid card, they are nonrefundable.	
Tested it with the regular car radio and the speakers are fine.	
I recommend it for anyone looking to get their tooth blued.	
Priced under ten dollars, this earpiece is extremely inexpensive.	
leather Case for blackberry pearl 8100.	
Voice activated dialing with the touch of a button, including with bluetooth5.	
I have an old Nokia phone with small pin to charge.	
I removed system from one of my cars and started to install it in another but forgot to mark the wires.	
Great headset for occasional use.... I use a headset mainly in the car.	
I ended up throwing this away.	
Rugged, comfortable, and no worse than average in terms of ease-of-use and sound quality.	
I reset my phone and the headset several times and even removed the bluetooth pairing and re-added the headset back to my phone.	
I got the Samsung T629.	
Motorola should recall this, or remove the battery-- makes a great paperweight!.	
I would plug them in to charge overnite prior to travel, and the blue lights would light up that it was charging.	
I purchased this phone for my elderly father and all it accomplished was make both of us much older!	
Appears Worn, NOT BRAND NEW.	
What Customer service?.	
You get what you pay for - essentially nothing.	
HORRIBLE SERVICE.	
Great price too!	
Easy to make calls and receive calls.	
Returned after a week of frustration -- unclear how the vendor intends to profit by paying to ship phones around the country.	
I asked what was the phone for?Anyway, am going back next week and have them exchange it for another one.	
When I received it, it looked cheap and flimsy, but I thought "hey, it is a Nokia".	
I wish they just sold a decent Nokia.	
I had the original RAZR phone for a few years before upgrading to this one, but I definitely prefer the original RAZR over this new phone.	
However, the sound isn't very good and there is a constant rhythmic tapping sound which is actually a little bit of static.	
Only the address book works.	
Needless to say, they didn't offer online warranty registration when I bought it.	
I'll be taking it back for a refund.	
Great Headset, But.... This is an awesome headset that I use in my office.	
So it does work but don't believe what you see.	
but dont buy one or mine will be less special	
Cord is very short but good value.The plug won't retract but what do you exact for $7.	
With the 640, the headset always drops the BT connection about 1 minute after ending a call.	
Where the blue tooth folds together, very dirty.	
No problems hearing someone or they hearing you.	
inexpensive and easy to use.	
Other than these few complaints, I'm delighted with this phone.	
This one of the best that I have used so far.	
I now have 5 of these, they work very well, I have given them to friends and all tell me they have enjoyed them very much.	
I'm sure in time the 680 will improve it's bugs and in due time I'll upgrade.	
To make this short and to the point.	
this phone is great in terms of all of the features it offers.	
So full of problems and bugs!.	
Difficult setup very limited features.	
I took some tape for mine, i would recomend it.	
Emailed for help.	
annoying, slow, needs to be babysat.	
I couldn't be more happy with it.	
Mine has white stitching, and no metal clip at the bottom (as in the photo).	
Can't beat the price!	
I love this seller!!	
I recommend this case 100%	
(Cingular makes excuses.	
It looks and performs exactly like the one purchased through Verizon, but this one was about $30 less!	
It's working!!!	
As a matter of fact, you won't even realize it is there.	
The Samsung even sounds better.	
That means the photo isn't immediately taken.	
I've had it for almost a month and am very satisfied.	
I WILL CONTINUE BUYING THRU AMAZON BUT TRY TO STAY AWAY FROM ANYTHING MADE IN CHINA.	
This data cable works great and based on the feel seems to be high quality and well worth the money.	
Perfect Fit!.	
It is the first item ordered through Amazon that I have ever returned.	
great quality and price (small ears friendly).	
This is the second time that I have had problems.	
I bought and use the product and it works exactly as advertised.	
i dont like it.	
Usually went outside to have conversations.	
A very annoying feature.	
Had 2 of these Treos, both defective in one function or another.	
After calling customer service they told me it was mine and Amaozons problem and there was nothing they would do about it.	
I hate this phone!!!	
Awesome bluetooth.	
Worst Headset... EVER.. Tried for a few days and returned to store.	
Talk time is really good!	
It comes with the BLUETOOTH headset AND the car charger.	
I'm seeking to replace this phone ASAP.Just how bad is this phone?This phone is SO SO bad I'm compelled to write about it because I am that furious.	
Nice battery for the price.	
I loved this blue tooth, it is the most comfortable one that I have used.	
The camera viewfinder is not obscured.	
It does what it is supposed to.	
I don't recommend anyone getting this.	
But for the low price I decided to give it a try.	
People on the other end of the line said I sounded fine but that I sounded like I was in a tunnel.	
net10 service good, but product never delivered.	
I received the battery, charged it up and it went dead after a day.	
The only problem I have run into so far is occasionally I forget it is still on my ear.	
Would recommend product and seller.	
I also have the information on how to send ringtones to tracfone phones, which i will send with a referral	
This is a TERRIBLE product!	
Since she is a teenager this was of highest priority, so we had to return the phone (and pay for the shipping) and get a replacement.	
Battery product works fine and priced very competitively.	
The Scala 500 sits outside your ear and doesn't quite get as loud as the PLT.	
Although the unit is a big step forward toward integrating the Phone and PDA it is not quite perfect yet.	
Its great and even has features that my old m515 didn't have.	
I contacted Motorola to see if they had a replacement piece.	
The phone portion works just fine.	
I traded in from the Razr to this phone because I was told it has a better signal that it's motorola counterpart.	
Replacing my Samsung S105 phone because of this issue as well, Seen someone else on here have the same problem as me with the E105.	
I waited, and now am being told that the unit has gone out of the warrenty period.	
The charging thing is a little of a pain in the butt but you get use to it.	
It works perfectly with that phone.	
The 650 in comparison constantly crashes and drops calls.	
Alright, Here is the 411 on this phone and service.PHONE- Very good.	
Lack of 850 Band -- US Residents Should Avoid This Phone.	
This Coby product has poor quality control, for whatever reason the right channel will not work (my guess would be a problem with the cable or plug).	
pay attention.	
But the On/Off and Volume buttons don't work as expected.	
We're the phone company.	
The BT5020 comes with a couple flimsy tips that slip on, but they are pretty much pointless since they come off too easily.	
That said, it's not uncomfortable to wear - but I do find I have to use the earloop, which I tend not to like so much.	
I paid $100 for it originally.	
While Jawbone make a great blue tooth ear bud, it doesn't interface with ears well.	
The buttons and overall finish of the phone is solid.	
His touch screen already has stopped working.	
This is even better than the Segway, and the price is right.	
I still think that younger kids could use a normal easy to use (such as the the Virgin Mobile K9 (25 bucks)) cell phone.	
So if you are hard of hearing or just like to hear loud voices over the phone, then this phone will probably fit the bill.3)Speaker phone.	
Home of more dropped calls per minute than any other carrier.	
The protector is a thin, ultra-tough plastic that binds to your iPod's surface.	
I've had this for a few months.	
Regarding no wall charger for Motorola T305.	
The Camera is not that great.	
Yes, my wife is calling everyone on her Z500 like its a damn landline.	
They put me on hold again.Finally...the answer.	
Beats buying something else that doesn't perform near as well as this one.	
Great products/great price.	
Sound is clear.	
I would not recommend this phone.	
Stylish but not perfect.	
I bought this a few nights ago and I have been enjoying this cell phone.	
Poor Design.	
I bought this product almost 2 and half years ago.	
BUT if I have the bluetooth headset turned on, and I get a phone call, it rings with a generic ring tone (called "continental").	
cheap and gets the job done.	
Both Palm and Cingular STINK !!!.	
The first phone I purchased had a lot of software problems.	
I would like to down load ring tones on to my phone.	
Even in their own forum site this problem is refered to.	
enV a good phone...few issues.	
The battery is undamaged (no bulge, or swell), yet a full charge is good for about 10 minutes of talk time.	
All in all I guess - &quot;Good luck&quot; is in order if you decide to buy this case.	
I had to turn the headset off and call her back without it.	
It has a silver background, but more greenish-gray scales.	
Please do not buy this if you have BlackBerry 8700C.	
Apparently, I was cutting out an unacceptable amount on their end.	
I have used the Chocolate for about seven months now and it is the worst phone I have ever owned.	
Even the mic location was built into the car.	
You have to buy megabytes of internet usage, starting at $4.99 a month.	
The Car Charger doesn't lock into the phone so as you drive it beeps as it disconnects and reconnects to the charger.	
And this one will not let you down.	
They arrived as described in record time.	
just put it in when you need a charging.	
The retractable power cord is a nice convenience and keeps the cord organized.	
I purchased this item, and it quit working after five days.	
In fact it will recognize the numbers faster than you can speak!	
When browsing through the phone menu, there is quite a bit of jumping while using the thumb scroll.	
I have always liked Motorola.	
I thought that by spending a little more money for a replacement battery (almost $6.	
They are not comfortable.	
The case does not cover the screen.	
Also if I use a downloaded theme I have to sacrifice the caller id on the external screen to do so.	
Charger connection is terrible.	
Not happy with this product.	
There are 2 on my phone...'nuff said...	
It does however work when I switched the adapters in another deck.	
The 650 is an inferior product.	
i'm sorry, but i'm leaving you for my old sony ericsson, whom i still love dearly.	
Flip phone style is much more compact...the i730 was like carrying a brick around on my hip.	
I have been using this headset for 2 years and it is still working very well.	
Does not work.	
Quality cellphone case.	
.. This device works as billed.	
Not what I expected.. The product is better than the one I had... But it doesn't add up to what is advertised on the lable.	
While it was looking cool and matches the style of my Treo, the audio was very, very weak.	
It fits perfectly.	
Whats wrong with the old star tac type style?????	
Treo 650 SkinTight with Holster - Clear (2169011).	
It has to be removed to charge the headset.	
Of all the different bluetooth headsets I've tried HS850 is for sure the best.	
Frozen, Disconnected, Crashed EVERYDAY.	
As a result, I hate Cingular too!	
The battery is deficient enough to be called 3rd world.	
I do not recommend this cord.	
It does filter some phone interruptions, enough to be worth the cost.	
Everyone around me think it is coolest phone ever.	
I had a 650 and liked it a lot, despite Palm being a little stingy with the memory.	
Great Seller.	
Sprint sucks w/ this technology.	
So, I tried it for its intended purpose...an international conference call to a land line at dirt cheap rates.	
does the job well for little money.	
And it did it perfectly.	
Works great!.	
The clip itself looks pretty neat while on the phone.	
Works great as replacement.	
a mixture of pros and cons.	
This phone is not all that it is made out to be.	
Sound quality on the headset is poor, sounds like a cheap transister radio, i use wired earbud and it is much better, but wired.	
Fits well with my glasses ear piece also.	
Don't waste your time looking for another case, this is the best.	
The walkman part works great, just need to get a 2 gig stick.	
I know because I checked before I ordered.ThanksGurlon Lands / Alabama	
Like having a stylus.really helpful needs to be longer and fatter.	
also the front covers many of the numbers so you can not dial.	
Excellent Phone.	
The charger had a wire exposed when it arrived which we taped, and then the tip fell off.	
Cell phone is back in action again, battery works great!	
Not much info with the product mailer, but nothing too complicated with the help of a Sprint customer service representative.	
I have used Verizon, AT&T;, Cingular, and Sprint, and while none of them are great, T-Mobile is dramatically worse than any of them.	
My main disappointment is the lack of battery life it has...3 hours is not a long time.	
not what you think.	
But the pictures are decent.	
I really like this headset of the two I've had before, mostly because it has the piece that fits inside your ear.	
My initial impressions were "so-so".	
I would have given it at least 4 stars but for other problems.	
And this is pertinent to ALL cell phones.	
I went back to my old one for a while, and then I tried the BT620s again.	
The bluetooth gets 3 stars but Plantronics gets 5.	
ive never had this phone, but ive experienced it long enough to review it... thanks to my friend!	
The top clip is way too long and in just the right place to interfere with the battery compartment release.	
I was narrowed down to the Handspring Visor Deluxe and the Palm m100, however, I chose the m100 because of this new feature.	
And is expensive.	
3 piece Value Combo.	
It's a little bulky, but sturdy and fits well.	
Don't forget to get a hands free if you HAVE to buy this phone....	
The price I paid for this battery on Amazon is far better than any local store.	
It looks snazzy but its a big overpriced toy that I really regret buying.	
excellent buy.	
Of course, it would seem like I should be a bit more careful, but it shouldn't have fallen off my ear in the first place!	
Having had the Nokia N800 since April 2007.	
At first it was working great but then about a month ago the quality of the voice (transmit) started to degrade.	
And constructed out of strong neoprene.	
kinda defeats the purpose of hands-free!3.	
Thank's Ted	
long battery life, very comfortable, great to use while working out	
I turned off the headset and powered back up.	
First of all, the speaker is very loud, especially if you have an mp3-type ringer.	
Try punching in a number with the speaker on!	
WORST PHONE I'VE EVER HAD!!!.	
Unfortunately, it wasn't.	
I'd recommend that buyers get a wired unit or prepare to enjoy static & bad reception with this Plantronics Explorer 320.NEXT...	
In prepaid version, it only has one game, spaceball.	
I would highly suggest this product to anyone.	
It does not.	
very few comparisions can be made with this phone and other phones.	
I bought this headset to pair up with my new Motorola v600 cell phone.	
I carry-on.	
I was basically happy with this product until the snap broke.	
If it wasn't for the shipping costs I would return them.	
Only had this bluetooth for 2 weeks and the mouth piece cracked.Only a matter of time before it breaks off completely.	
its very annoying to whoever I'm talking to.	
Not sure what happened but.	
Got agravated with it so I took it off and put it in the drawer.	
Unfortunately, it is the only protective cover that can be found on the market for the Zen Sleek.	
The Bluethooth wireless headset fits perfect inside the case.	
I know that can't be helped with this style of earphones but with technology these days.	
I liked the features of the phone but did not like how it handled my calls, (went silent for a minute or two alot during calls).	
* No AM on the radio.	
I ALWAYS leave it internally, and have GREAT reception.2.	
I thought mine was gonna be in a retail package new.NOT!	
I tried taking out the battery, nothing happened.	
Still, a good price and compares to the regular battery.	
Sun Force Solar Pest Repeller.	
I will never purchase headphones like this again.	
I tried a phonecall to the headset and the headset button would not answer the phonecall.	
Had never had reason for one before.I ordered the keyboard early in March and at the same time ordered the Bluetooth Travel Mouse.	
If you insist on getting this service pay the extra $20 per month and don't sign 2 year contract.	
The Amazon seller is missing in action, and I haven't heard a thing back from my 3 messages.The headphones are nice enough.	
You can order these bluetooths directly from Bluedio for less than $20.	
The headphones are odd though... the left ear bud has a 7 inch wire and the right almost 18 inches.	
It's pretty snug, but in a way that is a good thing.	
It was time for a replacement.	
Going back after less than 24 hrs.	
best bluetooth ever.	
Exactly what is advertised.	
They seem to have no ethics, no consistency, no honesty.	
I tried the unit again in another closed-in room with no noticable sounds.	
WHEN I GOT THE REPLACEMENT IT DID NOT WORK EITHER.	
But it's pretty light.Unfortunately, the unit I got refused to be charged.. The light would stay red for a few min, then it's off.	
Plus, the price was right.	
This way, there's no pressure on the side seams.	
DID NOT WORK.	
- this is NOT true!5.	
This came with my phone...and I really like the phone, but this charger is one cheap piece of crap.	
She thought i was crazy until she borrowed my phone one day and witnessed it herself.	
why don't you ever charge correctly?	
TERRIBLE HORRIBLE tech support.	
Buggy, Crashes!, Avoid!.	
Great gift.	
(otherwise it would be 5 stars) I am not one to clip my phone to anything, but it does make it easier to dig out of the bottom of my purse.	
It says that it comes with a connection kit, but the documentation assumes you already have a way to connect the (coaxial?)	
If you can get them to stay the output level is weak.	
I am enjoying the camera and its ease of use...just point, click and save.	
It's more comfortable to wear than the previous bluetooth that I had.	
On the other hand, the signal quality in our apartment is good, whereas our old Nokia's would cut out entirely.	
Signal just as good as other phones we haveCons:1.	
Blue light is cool too.	
Nice for the price.	
You get what you pay for.	
Shoddy construction.	
and to send it in for repair.	
I contacted the company and I had to send it back at my expense.	
Amazon shipped this phone to me in 2 days with the free shipping.	
But I don't like this kind of deceptive price at all.	
The one star is for it's looks only.	
On my 3rd phone!!.	
I was surprised to see how many people wrote such negative reviews on this phone, seriously...I bought this phone 7 months ago and I still love it!	
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.	
The voice recognition calling is a bit of struggle.	
That is why the VX7000 is almost the perfect phone.	
I mean that compared to other VGA cameras on phones, this one stinks.	
Can't imagine not having the headset lifter or the flashing light accessory that clearly tells others when I am on the phone!	
hard to beat for the price.	
The vibrating battery is a great idea for people, like me, who do not like to see everybody staring at you when your cell phone rings.	
Although it does seem to recognize .ics files sent over bluetooth using file exchange, it is unable to cleanly import them into the phone calendar.2.	
My time is worth more than th $10 I get ripped off for.	
The bottom line on this is that for about $5.00 I got a USB cable.	
I got it for my cell phone which playes iTunes.	
When I saw a charger at the price I thought chargers should be (about $4 including shipping) I decided to get the charger.	
I purchased it for W580i.	
Boy was i ever wrong, the Razr was terrible.	
Cheap build quality.	
I ordered two of these and they were both DOA.	
I admit that it took a little time to get used to wearing it, but after I did, I'm never aware that it's on my ear.	
The M logo lit up with a pleasant glow, it looks cool, and my phone was recharged.So - it does exactly what it's supposed to.	
About half of the price of the same quality cord from the AT&T Store.	
Great headset.	
protects the phone without added weight.	
The BlueAnt is placed right on the visor so the speaker is just a few inches from your mouth.	
It gets lost in my shirt pocket, my jacket pocket, left on the counter.	
I know I've gone an entire week without recharging.	
The headset looks great, it's extremely comfortable and seems to work perfectly fine with other phones.	
This is a great headset for the money.	
Slim design, good fit in ear and connected well to phone.	
i would not buy from this distributor again.	
I discovered this product a few years ago when I purchased a phone from Verizon.	
This is the biggest Bluetooth headset I've ever owned.	
They said they'd send another one out pronto.	
That is why I only gave it a 2 star, not a 3.	
I have used the Treo 600 since October.	
In windy place or while walking	
I just love it.	
The phone is also very lightweight.	
I have the HS700 and this case (because it isn't rigid) constantly presses the button, putting the headset into discovery mode.	
Don't press wrong letters on Kindle games anymore.	
It is worthless.	
This product comes with no instructions.	
It is dark and you can not see anyting.3.	
I just want a phone that works as a phone... simple.This one is cheap and flimsy.	
I won't buy another RIM product until I'm convinced they've solved this problem.	
Good and Light Bluetooth Headset.	
I just played Garanimals(tm) until I had a good fit, but why was that up to me to figure out?	
Being a very careful shopper, I did some research online and some of the past reviews must have been written about the previous model.	
The "7" and sometimes the "6" key.	
I have recommend to my friends.	
The earpiece is comfortable and I can hear everyone just fine.	
It pairs with my Motorola Krzr perfectly	
Not as good as the BT250V.	
No games, but for me that is not a problem.	
It runs on the Sprint PCS network which is generally second only to Verizon in terms of reliability.	
Possibly not necessary.	
Cheap, uncomfortable, earloop will break!!!.	
Once its on its not easy to get off.	
A bit tough to put on.	
Only useful when the speaker is 1 ft from the transmitter.	
One fault- one cannot keep as much of a song/rintone as one would like.	
This item is not a genuine Motorola.	
Lets start by saying if you don't have signal outside, this product does not work.	
so if you hate typing in names on a device for phone numbers, this is for you.make sure you get the insurence on the SK2 also.	
I thought the Nokia 6102 is the good one.	
Minor flaws, but nothing to keep someone from buying it.	
This is a big problem, since it's needed to use almost all the phone's features.	
Unfortunately, my Sony phone does not work with my car's Bluetooth, but other brands seem to work fine with it.	
Because my Treo 680 was a little loose in this case, I could not feel my phone vibrate about 90 percent of the time.	
Excellent value.	
Also, it doesn't stay locked.	
but his case has shown the exact same tears as mine.It's just one BAD design flaw... and a waste of money.	
By spring, we had a more complete opinion and not a good one.	
It's a relatively good price, fits well, and the sound quality for both ends of the phone are good.	
Wrote to the tech people numerous times to no avail.	
It doesn'r hold a charge.	
BUT THE GOOD NEWS ENDS THERE!!	
The phone way too easily pops out at most inopportune moments.	
Now I can re-charge in my car anywhere.	
There is absolutely no reason the buttons on the outside of the phone should make noise when it is closed.	
i don't think so.. I bought this part as its Original Nokai part, but I was disappointed.	
I guess I will have to buy to 'official' cable to get anything to work.I'm sure this works for some other people, but not for me.	
i said to heck with that and just bought it for 20 bucks off ebay.	
I like that it charges the phone as you Sync up.Highly recommended - and at such a good price!	
I wanted to be able to compare two bluetooth headsets side by side and do some testing to see which one had the better voice and sound quality.	
Perfect for what I needed.	
Absolutely compatible with the LG8100 cell phone, they will not work as such with my phone.	
It doesn't make sense.	
It fits nice and snug in the ear.	
There's no cancel feature when you press the "back" button on accident so you have to save your text as a draft and go back in to finish it.	
It was very cheaply made and fell apart.	
It has a lot of nice features, the only problem (as others have mentioned) is the lack of caller-ID on the outside of the phone.	
The Right battery at the right price.. The right battery at the right price.	
The variety of sizes and left/right ear options let me find the one that was just right for me.	
I had to turn it back on about 15 times today which is ridiculous in my opinion.	
great device.	
Most of the time the phone would say that there is no email in my Gmail account.	
Doesn't work as advertised.	
Several damage.. I just bought 4 of this and 1 comes with several damage and the mic doesn't work.	
Does Not Work With Motorola V195.	
Good weight and soft blue exterior - it feels quality.	
I just know I'm comparing it to two former PDA's (ipaq and sony) and my former cell phones (nokia and motorola).	
I do, however, think that the Palm OS has some great user-friendly features, and it's simple, and fast.	
When i did gett it on I had to pull so hard that the cover for the screen was completely bent and started getting ripped off the leather.	
They worked ok initially, but all three have failed with very little use in either the mic, speaker, or both.	
Great fit!.	
I can charge my phone without removing the case.	
I am hard of hearing and the position of the speaker is perfect, max volume is not needed as with the V3.	
I really like the fact that it uses AAA batteries, so I don't have to mess with another charger.	
Well designed holster - Every RAZR needs one !.	
I've had this phone for almost a year now.	
Great case especially for the price.	
Works only in USA.	
Looked Good But Didn't Last.	
All in all it does the job and is a great price.	
Too big and bulky...I was kind of glad my pup got a hold of it so I could have an excuse to get a new one.	
I wish I would have done that.	
You need a new sim card, we will send it in 5-10 days.ARGGGGGGGGG!!!!!	
I've only had this one a few months, but I wear it every day.	
I tried several in-between cables, but no luck.	
Some people may find the headphones to bulky for ergonomic and visual effect, but it is very easy to set up and use.	
great price and great product better than purchasing at the store.	
I contacted them to return it but they wanted the box it came in, which I don't have.	
The white-on-silver number keys are hard to see in the sunlight4.	
Makes you wonder why the Treo 700 is running Windows now???	
Maybe it's because I'm an existing ATT customer?	
awesome deal for 3 bucks :)	
No quadband.2.	
Overall, it will work for what I needed it for which is talking on the phone while driving.	
I read that thinking it meant a Skype call.	
You're better off trying to make an antenna out of a Pringles can.	
The camera is 1.2MP, but it is grainy.	
I then plugged in the one in from Sprint, worked great.	
Thin materiel would not last long, inexpensive looking.	
It's close enough if you're not too picky.	
This is more related to the cell phone carrier than the phone manufacturer.I have given this phone 4 stars.	
Same as Lucious below ... doesn't work with Skype :-(.	
The magnetic clasp has to be seated *just* right or it doesn't hold.	
i just love it!	
Problems with the H700.	
it took Bargaincel 11 days to tell me the battery they said was in stock wasn't and they had know idea when it would be.	
So exactly what is it you are selling?	
My advice is to carefully handle the cord, while pulling the two sides of it apart to lengthen it.	
We went all the way back and got me the same type of phone and the second one has a good battery but still has very poor reception.	
i like the service i got and everything went well	
The tone when dialing numbers is so soft that it is impossible to hear if there is any background noise.	
The included ringtones are a bit cheesy but was not a bid deal since I all I wanted was a cheap phone that works well.	
Aliph JAwbone Bluetooth Headset.	
Good build quality for the particular feature.- Good standby, saves battery, easy to work with 50% brightness.	
Now I can keep my very loved, old cell phone around for another 5 years.	
Cheap power.	
You don't need to pay the $5/month to Sprint to have their voice dialing service as voice dialing is built into the phone.	
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?	
It has retained its shape and--best of all--can be cleaned easily and reassembled in a jiff.	
Does the job well.	
Now they say that they can hear me loud and clear.	
Received Quickly the batteries work just fine what else can I say, Charged them and getting excellent service.	
However, the decal came off quicker than expected.	
If you care about how your music sounds, don't waste your money on these.	
That was about the upper limit of its value.	
A/C and car plugs don't work with TX.	
Read a lot of reviews on this earpiece and I must say that it does deliver.	
My heart began to sink.	
my 1st was a mobile freedom which its ear loop broke after 6 months.	
Bought this head set, after powering it on, unit would not work.	
If you want a good mobile phone get a blackberry or the iphone.If you need a Treo get the 650!	
I bought this case when I bought my iPhone less than three months ago.	
This is the second cover I have ordered and it is the same as the first one.	
Great cable.	
I contacted the seller who requested a photo of the charger outlet on my phone.	
So I closed the speaker and reused it after 2 days.	
Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline.	
Big problem, so none of the 100+ songs that I put on the memory card worked.	
It is the worst of the worst.	
I love this because I take my little minolta to work.	
It allows for communication on cell calls, while listening to music.	
I have not been successful in getting the software to recognise my phone yet.	
Great case with screen as well as body protection.	
Peace of junk!	
I still have the original battery and everything is holding up just nicely.	
I was looking to cut down the amount of time I have a cell phone stuck to the side of my head due to safety and comfort.	
Poor standby time.	
The product never worked, so I cannot rate it for quality.	
The USB charger didn't work at all.	
I can use it as a mp3 player, camera, storage, keep favorites, and more.	
Don't make the same mistake we did!	
Good middle of the road earpiece from Jabra.	
The buttons can't be dialed by just feeling for them, which makes them look cool, but really hurts functionality.	
I would recommend this phone to anyone who has any doubts about buying it.	
I love it!.	
Works much better, and half the price.	
Also, very bad reception.	
This supposedly is becoming a frequent complaint about this phone.	
In my experience, sprint has the worst customer service I have encountered.	
It was sold by "Direct to Store" and fulfilled by Amazon.	
I love the gold color!	
Overall its pretty nice to just keep the phone in your pocket and be able to do daily tasks easier.	
The item came with a mounting bracket, car charger, and a USB charging unit.	
So if you don't mind a little larger headset, this is a great buy.	
If it had an additional battery, it wouldn't fit.	
Really good sound.	
This phone is one of THE WORST phones I've ever had, and that is saying a lot since I mostly get hand-me-down phones, but this one I got new.	
cardo 700 review.	
Basically this is review for the Amazon pricing and not the item itself.	
The case has very smart looks and is durable.	
it's a good looking cellphone but not a friendly user one.	
but you pay the price.	
It paired with my cell phone extremely easily.	
I read reviews about this product.	
But you will more than likely be happy with this thing.. it served me well for HALF A DECADE.	
I'm in an urban area so I always have all bars up.	
This unit works well and does almost everything I need.	
Contacted Amazon, and was told I'd be called back by a specialist.	
My head bumps into it every time I get in and out of the car.	
The downside, this is certainly not a great phone.	
I've had 7 or 8 phones in my lifetime, and this was the worst one.	
And only one 30 cent clip with the unit.	
They are sometimes exorbitant!	
Hi, I'm from Chile, i bought this phone because of the price and i am very surprise.	
An easy to use, easy to read phone.	
If you transfer a file larger than this and try to use it as a ringtone, it will say the file is invalid.	
If we turned everything off, no windows open, people said the sound was better, but still could hear a lot of background noise.	
I have only used it in a metro area and so far no complaints.Another issue for people who buy it on Amazon is the Data plan.	
The more I use it the less I like it.. Here's an update now that I've had the phone 3 months.	
I needed a new phone charger because mine wouldn't work anymore.	
Delivery was a little slow, about 10 days.	
Hard to hear.	
Especially considering I paid $13 + shipping here on Amazon.	
I've had the phone for over one year.	
I do not recommend to anyone...	
For the record, I am using a pair of Bluejay Freedom Stereo Bluetooth Earbuds.	
The predictive typing works well.	
I've had my Virgin Mobile Nokia Shorty for several months now.	
You do get what you pay for.	
Seems to be of a little less quality than my original case from Sprint.	
DOES NOT WORK.	
Razor phones suck, and so does motorola, Sanyo I hope is going to be a more reliable phone.	
Goes to show that quality control isn't Motorola's strong point.- Short battery life.	
It seemed like all of my pictures were blurry.	
doesn't hold phone.	
I've owned two Motorola models that worked great in quiet environments, but not in public, where the background noise make it difficult to hear.	
700p is vastly better.	
I tried to find out how to make sound lounder.	
The battery compartment release gets in the way big time.	
That's true; however, it charges so SLOWLY that you need to have it plugged in all day for it to charge adequately.	
I charged it for 6 hours and the red light was still on (The manual says "when charging is completed, the red indicator will shut off").	
also good tech support.	
I'm coming to Amazon first when I need something, that's for sure!	
Good product, Great price, Fast delivery.	
So I send them the pictures of the torn case and After about four email exchange customer service went silent on me.Save your money.	
Well at least after many trips to Verizon Wireless, they at least took care of me.	
This software is CRAP!	
This makes this phone much less attractive.Also, the GPS feature requires an additional monthly charge (although this is to be expected.	
Bought this phone for my girlfriend for her birthday on November 30, 2008.	
And he also takes care of his phone.I just want to trash this phone with a bat but it costs $400.00!	
The charger quit working two weeks after receipt.	
I have had this phone for about a year now, and it appears that it has received some hard reviews.	
The only problem (which is not that big of a deal) is that the stylus is harder to get to.	
All in all, I've tried to use 7 different Bluetooth units, and they aren't worth the high cost.	
My entire family loves them!!!	
I clicked on new when ordering my headset and it has arrived with a rattle in it.	
Experience made me feel like a sucker.Found another source on the Internet, and bought one there.	
From the WAV files, I've found it easier to burn audio CD's using Windows Media Player than by using the NERO software.	
I use a laptop and all my appointments and contacts are stored on Outlook.	
This was a good creation because my iPOD was full of scratches and it looked bad.	
I didn't like the style of the Plantronic 510 initially but was convinced to buy because of the high ratings by other users.	
I was excited to finally not be tether to my phone (Samsung Blade) any more.	
I'm not one to wear his phone, so no beltclip and no beltclip button is a plus.	
Both the left and right sides of the phone are lined with buttons.	
hahaWell by far, this is a great little device for quick use!	
Good for a little while.	
Works like original so far.	
So now i have a cable covered with electrical tape.	
So, I waited patiently til I was eligible for my upgrade (Cingular) and then ordered it immediately!It seemed to work fine at first.	
Then press the middle button the right ear.	
I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a quick, easy way to access their phone.	
Even a reset doesn't work -- I have to pull the battery out to reset.	
I was expecting great things from this headset since it was from Motorola but Motorola really let me down.	
Has a fair amount of background static that is always constant at some level.	
It is reasonably well finished.	
After I ordered I received a case that was scratched with a piece snapped off.	
I only gave it 4 stars because it is still touchy if the phone is not placed in correct.	
Extremely light and comfortable.	
Don't buy this phone with Cingular.	
But I do it anyway b/c hopefully at some point AMAZON is going to take responsibility for the conduct of their market sellers.	
Other than that it's a really good headset.	
I LOVE the fact that I now have my Palm and my phone all-in-one.	
Two strikes.	
!, very good cell phone!	
This headset works pretty well with good noise canceling, but it won't stay attached to my ear so the part that rests on my face loses contact.	
Looks can be deciving - DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.	
Granted, this was a top of the line phone a year ago and it wouldn't have been possible to get anything much better.Gripes	
broke second day.	
What can I say it Fit like it was (made for it) :)	
this is a huge one for me.	
Good Charger.	
After all that fussing I then try to plug it into my phone and the opening for the plug on my iphone 4 is too big.	
Am I cool or what?!	
It fits in my shirt pocket ok.3.	
MOTOROLA STOPPED MAKING IT.	
As promised.	
Even though it's starting to become an older product itself it is still the best.	
I have 2 of these (and got one replaced).	
It's very nearly impossible to take a picture that isn't blurry because of the touch sensitive buttons.	
When the headset is powered on, the button flashes.	
It does smudge easily but is as easily cleaned.	
terrible phone.	
Excelente producto.	
It is a perfect fit, beautifully designed and extremely stylish.	
I bought this case for my AT&T; Galaxy Note a month ago under the impression that it was great looking and sturdy.	
In summary, I'm still in the market for a better headset.	
Plenty of decent ringtones come standard and you can customize rings/alarms to people or events you have marked in your calendar.Pros - whole item!	
sandisk e260 player power adapters accessory kit.. Very nice accessory package.	
Makes life a little easier but could use improvement.	
And I have power saving settings on.5.	
instead of just a regular professional environment.	
After sending back this defective part twice, I received a third broken one.Each of these parts were mislabeled with an incorrect serial number.	
K750i owner's review.	
My phone would not work with my bluetooth device so I had to look for something cheap to use instead.	
It does sometimes feel like it might not stay in, but I've never had it fall out while moving around.	
Well boy was I surprised.	
So I am forced to buy another phone - my 3rd in 4 years - and it will definitely NOT be a Treo.	
I imagine the wire broke inside the plastic casing.	
Contacts were still on SIM card.	
Cardo scala-500 - Not bad at all.... I have spent much time trying to find a good Bluetooth headset for my Treo 650.	
This case gives bulk only to the bottom half the phone, giving you superb grip.	
Not a chance!	
Easy to pair with my phone.	
It comes with USB cable so you can transfer songs, pictures, and ringtones.	
Better than the hard case I had before (from Palm's company).	
The replacement phone has a still working radio, but it's side volume button broke after a few months.	
Iwould have sent it back, but it would cost morre to send it back than I paid for it.	
I tried it on a home desk phone with a headset plug and it happened there as well.	
I hope newer versions are better.	
The others just did not really work well.	
What is the point of a comfortable headset that doesn't work well?I contacted Plantronics support, and they sent a replacement.	
Terrible Phone.	
dropping it (on carpeting) is fun-we all drop them right?	
Thanks for quick and careful shipment.	
the price is wonderful.	
I wish there had been more pictures of the product available because afer I bought it I was terrible dissapointed with the quality of materials.	
But I still don't have headphones, which is not.	
The overall size is OK if you don't like the earpieces with the long mics.	
works fine.	
I've used the PN-820 for about 3 weeks now and here is my assessment of this smartphone:PROs:1.	
Also, I find the earpiece hurts my ear if I wear it much more than a half-hour.	
Steady noise is eliminated but music and voices still cause interference.	
Samsung 225) you could press left on the arrow keys and have it go to the calendar but not on this model unfortunately.	
If you turn a page it will be picked up.	
Adorable but cuts in and out.... Disconnects often.	
It has a decent internal memory (60 MB) as well as supporting microSD cards.	
Highly recommend this little wonder.	
Just returned mine.	
DON'T BUY THIS THING EVER.	
I can go several days on one charge.	
I think I can make it fit with a little help from my dremel.	
This one is so clear that my husband and I both use it and so does our son.	
I called the iHome customer support center and they claimed that there is not a remote for the iHome LED color changing system.	
This was not discussed in the instructions.	
It is so pretty and I get so many compliments on it.	
i was wondering if anyone else is having the problem of putting music onto your phone then trying to use that song as your ringtone?	
The packaging allows for it to be 'tried' and resold.	
The operating system is typical Sony Ericsson.	
I've only required a BT while driving or doing work around the house so it has delivered what I was expecting.	
My BlackBerry auto charger came as an original equipment accessory in plain packaging with a RIM/BlackBerry label.	
It seems to work better if you have the phone flipped open before initiating a command thru the BT headset.	
I looked at lots of these earpieces and chose this one because of the reviews on it.	
If it was unlocked, I should have been able to use any SIM card.	
I bought a couple of Nokia EXT batteries for some other uses in case I dont have time to charge my battery.	
now that i read some reviews, i am not the first one to have this experience.	
This case, however, is not worth the money.	
So i'm like "yeah, okay, mabye cause its new, but after i had it for about 2 weeks i sold it and switched over to t-mobile to go and they are great.	
One station presets were better the others, but it was not worth the $20.	
I have now sent the second one back and am in search of a new one.	
Let me just give you a brief run thru of features, pros and cons.Features1.	
Now it stays put.	
Does not really look like a case.	
It doesn't fit.2.	
however, now, i forget i even have it on because it's soooo light.	
The blinking light.	
I bought it b/c I lost my last bluetooth.	
I'm not sure if this is a headphone problem or an iPhone issue.	
NICE, BROKE THE SECOND DAY I HAD IT.	
I've owned the phone now for 4.5 months and I'm TIRED of all the freezing up!!	
I read website reviews and everything.	
But damn, this phone has 1,000 spaces of storage + 250 with the SIM which is included.	
It is THE WORST phone I have ever owned.	
But all you have to do is plug in the Motorola to the IPOD and you're listening on bluetooth.	
Ladies and Gentlemen..... I bought this product to go with my jawbone 2. and it is GREAT!!	
The bluetooth enables you to upload pictures or music files to the phone from your computer.	
The instrument totally hangs while saving numbers.	
The Motorola HS820 bluetooth headset was easy to set up and pair with my Razr V3c phone.	
Received the itemwithin five days of order.	
Not as far as I was expecting.	
Jabra C220 Stereo Earbuds - 2.5mmI love these!	
I highly recommend it!	
So I'm keeping the gel eartips (not this item) and throwing out these foam ones.	
It has kept us from losing the stylus many times.	
Yes you can select the phone speaker soft button, but often the display has gone blank and the keypad is showing.	
This program is not friendly with Lotus Notes, especially where repeating calendar entries exist.	
The calender and alarms have done wonders for helping me get more organized.	
Almost all phone types are supported.	
from the headphones) the audio would drop out constantly.	
Similar problems.I've had much better success with Scala and Bluespoon headsets.	
It works well with my nokia phone.	
Better than having to put an earpiece in your ear, and the quality and loudness of tone is better than my cellphone when I have it to my ear!	
No problems.	
It works fine and my phone doesn't fall out of the case.	
Inbound sound is very good and I haven't had any problems with people on the other end saying they can't hear me.	
It has clear sound even in low signal situations and the speakerphone is excellent.The camera is adequate but not stellar.	
I can't seem to get him to put one of these 'new fangled things' on his ear.	
AHORA PUEDO ESCUCHAR TODA LA MUSICA DE MI SONY ERICCSON EN CUALQUIER EQUIPO DE SOLIDO, EN EL CARRO, EN LA SALA DE MI CASA, DONDE CUALQUIER AMIGO.	
It just won't hold up to a lot of use.	
So I figure it perfect deal.	
It's great and does what its suppose to do protect your phone.P.S	
Disappointing.	
You might also note Sony products are excellent but it may be not compatible with Window 7.	
The keypad is a little confusing at first, but soon enough, you'll get the hang of it.	
I got this phone when it first came out and paid full price at the sprint store.	
The operating system and user interface are both good and operate well, the user interface in particular is very user-friendly and intuitive.	
I feel that this is a great product and a great price.	
When not in use, a firm cover flips over the screen, keeping it safe even when it's dropped down in my bag, or clipped to my hip.	
Let me WARN you.	
But no standard 2.5 mm plug.	
I have had other phones(all Nokias)that did not have all the bells and whistles of this phone, but I actually received phone calls.	
), it started making my screen flash and the phone to make beeping noises, like it was being shorted out.Threw the thing right in the trash can.	
The LG VX8500 Chocolate is a sleek looking phone, however, that may be the only upside to this utterly unreliable device.	
It protects the phone from damage, is easily removed, and does not slide out unintentionally.	
They will replace your phone.The biggest negative is the camera button.	
Didn't work with TM506.	
Looks great too!!	
Great Bargain.	
What pisses me off the most is that you can not down load your pictures from the phone without buying even more crap from Motorola.	
Too bad , not worth it.	
The first one seemed fine at first, but then I slowly began getting complaints that I sounded muffled.	
Good that Motorola realized the need.	
The vibrating funtion is equally underpowered and virtually useless.	
Kept Their Promises.. Everything was as expected.	
always looking for an easy hustle free transaction.	
I don't talk on my phone 3 hours a day, but I do use the internet functions to check on news and sports.	
Fill the powerXtender with rechargeable batteries and check iGo's website for the correct tips and you're ready to travel lighter and smarter.	
I called customer service and they said that sometimes the gold connectors need to be rubbed with a lint-free cloth.	
I thank God my contract will be up soon.	
Battery life is amazing, still using the same ones that came with the unit.BUY BUY BUY its that great!	
This phone isn't all that great.	
Lives up to all the expected demands.	
I did notice that it said &#34;Made in China&#34; on the package, which is never a good sign.	
All I have to compare this product with is the Motorolla H500 so when comparing the two, the Jabra is hands free the best product!	
It was well worth getting.	
It is not just me, 3 people in my office have this phone, all 3 freeze.	
Works Great!.	
If you like for people to hear you when you talk don't buy this product!	
The first thing I'll mention is the blatant lie in the product description.	
After months of searching, I finally found accessories that I had almost given up hope of ever securing for my Jornada 720.	
This product WORKS!.	
We wanted to be able to contact them.	
When I bought the Lenmar CBD366 via Amazon, it arrived in Lenmar packaging and was rated at 600mAh.	
you don't have to have be near a wifi hot spot to get broadband speed.	
Also, to access the mp3 you need to install a special card of some sort.	
Not spectacular.	
Because leaving it in my ear was chancy at best, I used the provided over-ear clip.	
nice garbage....literally.	
Connection problems.	
After two days of use, one of the audio channels (right, I think) has cut out completely.	
But that i can sell it and make my money.	
What warranty?.	
Like I said, the design is great.The hardware is not so good.	
They promised that they are reviewing the possibility of providing a software update for the V710 that will re-enable the file transfer capability.	
Found one here thru Eforcity.	
The screen on my phone said "Not Charging".	
This is my 4th Samsung cell phone with T-Mobile.	
great company.	
The "call" and "hang-up" keys are now properly backlit so that it is possible to see them at night.4.	
Hopefully the Kyocera will be better!	
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ cat mapper.py
#!/usr/bin/env python

import sys

for line in sys.stdin:
	#remove loading and trailing spaces
	line = line.strip()
	words = line.split()

	for word in words:
		print("%s\t%s"%(word,1))
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ cat reducer.py
import sys
from operator import itemgetter

current_word = None
current_count = 0
word = None

#input comes from console
for line in sys.stdin:
	#remove leading and trailing whitespace
	line = line.strip()
	
	#parse the input we got from mapper.py
	word, count = line.split('\t',1)

	#convert count (currently a string) to int
	try:
		count= int(count)
	except ValueError:
		#ignore if the count is not a number
		continue
	
	#use the sorted map output
	if current_word == word:
		current_count+=count
	else:
		if current_word:
			#write result in console
			print("%s\t%s" %(current_word, current_count))
		current_count = count
		current_word = word

#finally output the word to the console
if current_word == word:
	print("%s\t%s" %(current_word,current_count))


[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ cat Amazon_text_dataset | python mapper.py
I	1
try	1
not	1
to	1
adjust	1
the	1
volume	1
setting	1
to	1
avoid	1
that	1
I	1
turn	1
off	1
the	1
call	1
button	1
which	1
is	1
situated	1
just	1
below	1
the	1
volume	1
adjustment	1
knob.	1
So	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
plug	1
it	1
in	1
here	1
in	1
the	1
US	1
unless	1
I	1
go	1
by	1
a	1
converter.	1
0	1
Good	1
case,	1
Excellent	1
value.	1
1	1
I	1
thought	1
Motorola	1
made	1
reliable	1
products!.	1
Battery	1
for	1
Motorola	1
Razr.	1
Great	1
for	1
the	1
jawbone.	1
1	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
item	1
it	1
was	1
larger	1
than	1
I	1
thought	1
It	1
was	1
the	1
size	1
of	1
a	1
small	1
video	1
game	1
but	1
bulky.	1
(I	1
looked	1
for	1
one	1
that	1
specifically	1
said	1
DCU-60	1
and	1
said	1
it	1
supported	1
USB	1
1	1
and	1
2.	1
The	1
first	1
time	1
it	1
was	1
turned	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
display	1
began	1
to	1
flicker.	1
In	1
some	1
programs	1
clicking	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
hitting	1
the	1
return	1
key.	1
Tied	1
to	1
charger	1
for	1
conversations	1
lasting	1
more	1
than	1
45	1
minutes.MAJOR	1
PROBLEMS!!	1
0	1
The	1
mic	1
is	1
great.	1
1	1
What	1
happened	1
was	1
that	1
I	1
only	1
had	1
like	1
70	1
contacts	1
but	1
the	1
SIM	1
memory	1
said	1
I	1
had	1
250,	1
and	1
that	1
all	1
my	1
SIM	1
memory	1
was	1
full.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
jiggle	1
the	1
plug	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
line	1
up	1
right	1
to	1
get	1
decent	1
volume.	1
0	1
I	1
bought	1
five	1
of	1
thes	1
for	1
less	1
than	1
five	1
dollars.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
several	1
dozen	1
or	1
several	1
hundred	1
contacts,	1
then	1
imagine	1
the	1
fun	1
of	1
sending	1
each	1
of	1
them	1
one	1
by	1
one.	1
0	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
two	1
year	1
contract	1
for	1
this	1
service.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
Razr	1
owner...you	1
must	1
have	1
this!	1
1	1
Needless	1
to	1
say,	1
I	1
wasted	1
my	1
money.	1
0	1
If	1
money	1
is	1
no	1
constraint	1
then	1
just	1
go	1
for	1
it.	1
Try	1
texting	1
fast	1
with	1
it...4.	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money	1
and	1
time!.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
have	1
problems,	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
contact	1
customer	1
service.	1
This	1
company	1
will	1
not	1
give	1
me	1
back	1
all	1
of	1
my	1
money	1
back	1
because	1
of	1
their	1
mistakes	1
written	1
in	1
their	1
review	1
that	1
said	1
is	1
made	1
for	1
the	1
Dell	1
Streak.	1
And	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great.	1
1	1
It	1
made	1
sense.	1
He	1
was	1
very	1
impressed	1
when	1
going	1
from	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
to	1
the	1
extended	1
battery.	1
1	1
Others	1
have	1
complained	1
of	1
chipping	1
paint	1
but	1
in	1
the	1
week	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
it	1
hasn't	1
chipped	1
yet.	1
I'm	1
giving	1
it	1
a	1
third	1
try	1
because	1
I	1
really	1
want	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
work	1
properly,	1
it	1
has	1
such	1
great	1
potential	1
to	1
be	1
an	1
invaluable	1
business	1
tool.	1
If	1
the	1
two	1
were	1
seperated	1
by	1
a	1
mere	1
5+	1
ft	1
I	1
started	1
to	1
notice	1
excessive	1
static	1
and	1
garbled	1
sound	1
from	1
the	1
headset.	1
0	1
These	1
are	1
sealed	1
packages	1
by	1
Motorola	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
that	1
Motorola	1
would	1
put	1
the	1
wrong	1
charger	1
with	1
the	1
wrong	1
unit.	1
It	1
made	1
the	1
images	1
look	1
so	1
grainy	1
that	1
you	1
just	1
could	1
not	1
appreciate	1
the	1
beautiful	1
AMOLED	1
screen	1
anymore.	1
Very	1
good	1
quality	1
though	1
1	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
very	1
odd,	1
as	1
the	1
ear	1
"clip"	1
is	1
not	1
very	1
comfortable	1
at	1
all.	1
0	1
Highly	1
recommend	1
for	1
any	1
one	1
who	1
has	1
a	1
blue	1
tooth	1
phone.	1
1	1
the	1
pda	1
package	1
runs	1
$40	1
a	1
month	1
plus	1
$40	1
a	1
month	1
for	1
service.	1
I	1
advise	1
EVERYONE	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BE	1
FOOLED!	1
0	1
I	1
only	1
took	1
it	1
off	1
approximately	1
3	1
times	1
and	1
babied	1
it	1
when	1
I	1
did.	1
Unfortunately,	1
I	1
opened	1
both	1
so	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
(2).	1
So	1
Far	1
So	1
Good!.	1
1	1
Works	1
great!.	1
1	1
It	1
clicks	1
into	1
place	1
in	1
a	1
way	1
that	1
makes	1
you	1
wonder	1
how	1
long	1
that	1
mechanism	1
would	1
last.	1
0	1
I	1
went	1
on	1
Motorola's	1
website	1
and	1
followed	1
all	1
directions,	1
but	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
pair	1
again.	1
0	1
Also	1
to	1
adjust	1
the	1
call	1
volume	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
talking,	1
just	1
push	1
the	1
over	1
button	1
to	1
the	1
left	1
or	1
right.	1
I	1
have	1
patiently	1
waited	1
for	1
a	1
blackberry	1
with	1
Bluetooth	1
and	1
it	1
came!	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
my	1
Kindle	1
Fire	1
and	1
absolutely	1
loved	1
it!	1
1	1
After	1
this	1
month-long	1
reparte	1
with	1
the	1
J.D.	1
Not	1
too	1
bad,	1
I	1
can	1
still	1
use	1
the	1
handset	1
(Motorola	1
E815)	1
to	1
switch	1
between	1
calls.Power	1
button	1
is	1
TINY.	1
I	1
choose	1
this	1
because	1
i	1
liked	1
the	1
disign	1
and	1
i	1
thought	1
motorola	1
made	1
good	1
products.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
about	1
2-3x	1
the	1
life	1
of	1
the	1
battery	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
replacing,	1
and	1
as	1
best	1
I	1
can	1
remember	1
about	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
new.	1
My	1
initial	1
impression	1
was	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
good	1
but	1
the	1
workmanship	1
was	1
cheap.	1
The	1
commercials	1
are	1
the	1
most	1
misleading.	1
0	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
I	1
washed	1
in	1
my	1
jean's	1
pocket.	1
In	1
general,	1
I	1
could	1
see	1
phones	1
having	1
satellite	1
or	1
HD	1
radio	1
on	1
them	1
in	1
the	1
near	1
future.7)	1
Bluetooth	1
capability.	1
I	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
run	1
this	1
new	1
battery	1
below	1
two	1
bars	1
and	1
that's	1
three	1
days	1
without	1
charging.	1
1	1
Press	1
the	1
center	1
button.3.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
mother	1
and	1
she	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
battery.	1
0	1
I	1
probably	1
was	1
prepared	1
for	1
the	1
worst.	1
!Unlike	1
others	1
here	1
I	1
have	1
managed	1
to	1
scar	1
the	1
finish...(what	1
can	1
I	1
say,	1
I'm	1
talented)	1
but	1
nothing	1
that	1
causes	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
be	1
unusable.	1
Great	1
Pocket	1
PC	1
/	1
phone	1
combination.	1
1	1
I'd	1
pay	1
a	1
few	1
bucks	1
more	1
for	1
the	1
player	1
with	1
these	1
included	1
and	1
you	1
would	1
probably	1
increase	1
your	1
profit	1
margins	1
to	1
boot.	1
The	1
on/off	1
switch	1
is	1
the	1
antenna,	1
which	1
pops	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
to	1
turn	1
the	1
unit	1
on	1
or	1
off.	1
No	1
such	1
thing.	1
I've	1
owned	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
7	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
can	1
say	1
that	1
it's	1
the	1
best	1
mobile	1
phone	1
I've	1
had.	1
1	1
I	1
didn't	1
think	1
that	1
the	1
instructions	1
provided	1
were	1
helpful	1
to	1
me.	1
0	1
People	1
couldnt	1
hear	1
me	1
talk	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
pull	1
out	1
the	1
earphone	1
and	1
talk	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
0	1
Doesn't	1
hold	1
charge.	1
0	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
simple	1
little	1
phone	1
to	1
use,	1
but	1
the	1
breakage	1
is	1
unacceptible.	1
0	1
Since	1
it	1
consumes	1
considerable	1
amount	1
of	1
power,	1
it	1
goes	1
to	1
standby	1
mode	1
quickly	1
and	1
then,	1
when	1
you	1
power	1
it	1
up,	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
slow	1
to	1
get	1
signals.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
ideal	1
for	1
people	1
like	1
me	1
whose	1
ears	1
are	1
very	1
sensitive.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
missed	1
more	1
than	1
50%	1
calls	1
attended	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
unusable	1
in	1
a	1
moving	1
car	1
at	1
freeway	1
speed.	1
0	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
use	1
with	1
an	1
LG	1
VX-8300.	1
I	1
have	1
two	1
more	1
years	1
left	1
in	1
this	1
contract	1
and	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
phone.	1
0	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
on	1
sale	1
at	1
a	1
tmobile	1
store	1
b/c	1
i	1
needed	1
a	1
new	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
thought	1
"wow	1
sterio	1
bluetooth".	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
Pantech	1
PN-215.	1
I	1
recently	1
signed	1
up	1
for	1
a	1
two	1
year	1
contract	1
through	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
battery	1
in	1
the	1
mail.	1
Not	1
for	1
everyone.	1
Car	1
charger	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
AC	1
charger	1
are	1
included	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
you	1
never	1
run	1
out	1
of	1
juice.Highy	1
recommended	1
1	1
The	1
synchronization	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
they	1
advertised	1
as	1
being	1
supported.	1
You	1
need	1
at	1
least	1
3	1
mins	1
to	1
get	1
to	1
your	1
phone	1
book	1
from	1
the	1
time	1
you	1
first	1
turn	1
on	1
the	1
phone.Battery	1
life	1
is	1
short.	1
0	1
It	1
has	1
kept	1
up	1
very	1
well.	1
1	1
Really	1
boxy	1
sound,	1
and	1
my	1
past	1
4	1
headsets	1
of	1
the	1
same	1
kind	1
broke	1
without	1
cause.	1
TAKES	1
MOVING	1
IT	1
ABOUT	1
AFTERTRYING	1
DIFFERENT	1
SIZES.	1
It's	1
not	1
bad,	1
but	1
what	1
do	1
you	1
expect	1
for	1
$3	1
or	1
however	1
much	1
it	1
is?	1
I	1
canceled	1
a	1
line.	1
Not	1
sure	1
why	1
they	1
made	1
it	1
that	1
way,	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
have	1
a	1
pretty	1
long	1
charge	1
(longer	1
than	1
my	1
headphones).	1
Poor	1
Talk	1
Time	1
Performance.	1
0	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
has	1
a	1
good	1
quality	1
camera,	1
takes	1
videos,	1
and	1
etc.	1
The	1
case	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
works	1
fine	1
with	1
the	1
680.	1
1	1
worthless	1
product.	1
0	1
(I	1
had	1
used	1
other	1
headsets	1
with	1
wires	1
and	1
wasn't	1
happy	1
with	1
any	1
of	1
them;	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
headset	1
that	1
I've	1
found	1
to	1
be	1
truly	1
convenient.)	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
great	1
camera	1
thats	1
2MP,	1
and	1
the	1
pics	1
are	1
nice	1
and	1
clear	1
with	1
great	1
picture	1
quality.	1
1	1
Fast	1
connection	1
speed	1
and	1
solid	1
connection	1
-	1
when	1
your	1
phone	1
rings,	1
you	1
need	1
the	1
headset	1
to	1
react	1
quickly.	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
impressed	1
by	1
this	1
product.	1
0	1
(The	1
audio	1
CD's	1
is	1
what	1
I	1
want	1
for	1
my	1
'final	1
product').	1
Nice	1
headset	1
priced	1
right.	1
1	1
They	1
can	1
make	1
anything.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
6	1
hours	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
have	1
dropped	1
the	1
earpiece	1
a	1
couple	1
times.	1
The	1
closest	1
to	1
a	1
standard	1
ring	1
is	1
the	1
T-Mobile	1
advertisement	1
jingle.	1
I	1
only	1
hear	1
garbage	1
for	1
audio.	1
0	1
It	1
looks	1
like	1
a	1
solid	1
case	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
keys	1
exposed.	1
Verizon	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
faster,	1
but	1
$49.95	1
a	1
month.	1
Excellent	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
1	1
It	1
has	1
all	1
the	1
features	1
I	1
want	1
1	1
I	1
cannot	1
review	1
the	1
remote's	1
capabilities	1
since	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
work	1
for	1
this	1
iHome	1
we	1
have.	1
And	1
so	1
far	1
I	1
haven't	1
found	1
the	1
vibe	1
and	1
then	1
ring	1
option	1
which	1
was	1
available	1
even	1
through	1
the	1
side	1
button	1
of	1
the	1
motorola.3.	1
Who	1
in	1
their	1
right	1
mind	1
is	1
gonna	1
buy	1
this	1
battery?.	1
0	1
AFTER	1
ARGUING	1
WITH	1
VERIZON	1
REGARDING	1
THE	1
DROPPED	1
CALLS	1
WE	1
RETURNED	1
THE	1
PHONES	1
AFTER	1
TWO	1
DAYS.	1
0	1
This	1
case	1
seems	1
well	1
made.	1
1	1
Thank	1
You...	1
Almost	1
perfect....	1
It's	1
so	1
much	1
easier	1
to	1
carry	1
a	1
cable	1
vs	1
another	1
mini	1
brick	1
for	1
every	1
device	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
charge	1
in	1
your	1
laptop	1
bag.	1
Yes,	1
I	1
still	1
think	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
ridiculas-	1
especially	1
for	1
100	1
dollars.	1
Connected	1
it	1
to	1
a	1
Motorola	1
Cliq	1
running	1
Gingerbread,	1
but	1
the	1
connection	1
wasn't	1
too	1
strong	1
and	1
my	1
conversations	1
were	1
difficult	1
to	1
maintain.	1
Disappointed	1
with	1
battery.	1
0	1
Not	1
loud	1
enough	1
and	1
doesn't	1
turn	1
on	1
like	1
it	1
should.	1
0	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
headset	1
that	1
gives	1
acceptable	1
sound	1
quality	1
both	1
sending	1
and	1
receiving	1
on	1
my	1
Treo	1
700P.	1
good	1
protection	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
make	1
phone	1
too	1
bulky.	1
1	1
A	1
usable	1
keyboard	1
actually	1
turns	1
a	1
PDA	1
into	1
a	1
real-world	1
useful	1
machine	1
instead	1
of	1
just	1
a	1
neat	1
gadget.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
time	1
I	1
have	1
purchased	1
this	1
because	1
my	1
little	1
cousin	1
grabbed	1
and	1
broke	1
the	1
first	1
one.	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
half	1
as	1
much	1
as	1
before.	1
it	1
lasted	1
about	1
six	1
months.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
pretty	1
sturdy	1
and	1
I've	1
never	1
had	1
any	1
large	1
problems	1
with	1
it.	1
1	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
it's	1
T-Mobile	1
though.	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
phobe	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
still	1
very	1
bad.	1
More	1
bad	1
than	1
good.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
thing!	1
1	1
Everything	1
about	1
it	1
is	1
fine	1
and	1
reasonable	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
i.e.	1
1	1
And	1
thas	1
about	1
it.It's	1
not	1
the	1
perfect	1
phone.	1
Lucky....I	1
guess.	1
It	1
also	1
constantly	1
repeats,	1
"Command	1
not	1
recognized...."	1
or	1
it	1
would	1
ask,	1
"Did	1
you	1
say?	1
SolidGreat.	1
And	1
while	1
you	1
can	1
shut	1
off	1
the	1
flashing	1
blue	1
light,	1
you	1
can't	1
do	1
so	1
while	1
you	1
are	1
already	1
on	1
a	1
call.	1
If	1
not,	1
it	1
displays	1
the	1
caller	1
id	1
info.5.	1
So	1
you	1
can	1
only	1
control	1
the	1
positioning	1
one	1
dimensionally.	1
My	1
aim	1
was	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
small,	1
sleek,	1
simple/contemporary	1
looking	1
phone.	1
This	1
product	1
did	1
the	1
trick,	1
came	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
necessary	1
chargers,	1
and	1
data	1
cable	1
needed	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
lg	1
scoop	1
connected	1
to	1
my	1
computer.	1
VERY	1
DISAPPOINTED.	1
0	1
I	1
even	1
dropped	1
this	1
phone	1
into	1
a	1
stream	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
submerged	1
for	1
15	1
seconds	1
and	1
it	1
still	1
works	1
great!	1
1	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
pretty	1
much	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
Monster	1
name.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
510	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
NO	1
complaints	1
from	1
any	1
one	1
regarding	1
my	1
sound	1
quality	1
on	1
their	1
end.	1
1	1
I	1
checked	1
the	1
tracking	1
info	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days	1
after	1
the	1
order	1
and	1
saw	1
that	1
the	1
company	1
said	1
my	1
product	1
had	1
been	1
delivered	1
last	1
month.	1
Was	1
a	1
little	1
surprised	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
3-pin	1
UK	1
charger	1
(with	1
a	1
cheap	1
nasty	1
adapter	1
for	1
US	1
power	1
outlets).	1
The	1
buttons	1
for	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
are	1
bad.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
returned	1
my	1
chager	1
to	1
Motorolla	1
under	1
warranty	1
two	1
times.	1
All	1
contacts	1
are	1
combined.	1
It	1
really	1
is	1
OEM.	1
Essentially	1
you	1
can	1
forget	1
Microsoft's	1
tech	1
support.	1
0	1
Wish	1
I'd	1
played	1
with	1
it	1
the	1
day	1
it	1
arrived.	1
I	1
really	1
recommend	1
this	1
faceplates	1
since	1
it	1
looks	1
very	1
nice,	1
elegant	1
and	1
cool.	1
1	1
These	1
headphones	1
were	1
a	1
great	1
find	1
-	1
and	1
I	1
think	1
they	1
are	1
perhaps	1
the	1
best	1
purchase	1
I've	1
made	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
several	1
years	1
-	1
seriously.	1
1	1
Buy	1
a	1
different	1
phone	1
-	1
but	1
not	1
this.	1
0	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
hold	1
the	1
phone	1
at	1
a	1
particular	1
angle	1
for	1
the	1
other	1
party	1
to	1
hear	1
you	1
clearly.	1
0	1
with	1
my	1
Treo	1
700w.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
snug	1
fit,	1
to	1
snug	1
I	1
might	1
add.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
with	1
Cingular	1
400	1
Roll	1
over	1
plans	1
for	1
3	1
years	1
now.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
not	1
well	1
suited	1
for	1
my	1
LG	1
Vue,	1
I	1
am	1
still	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
armband.	1
So	1
if	1
I	1
can	1
get	1
2gb	1
of	1
memory	1
in	1
a	1
storage	1
card	1
for	1
under	1
$30,	1
why	1
couldn't	1
they	1
have	1
increased	1
the	1
memory?	1
but	1
was	1
not	1
compatible..	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
verizon	1
phone	1
and	1
had	1
to	1
ship	1
it	1
back.	1
The	1
one	1
big	1
drawback	1
of	1
the	1
MP3	1
player	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
phone's	1
front	1
cover	1
that	1
let	1
you	1
pause	1
and	1
skip	1
songs	1
lock	1
out	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
seconds.	1
0	1
A	1
week	1
later	1
after	1
I	1
activated	1
it,	1
it	1
suddenly	1
died.	1
0	1
It	1
feels	1
more	1
comfortable	1
than	1
most	1
headsets	1
because	1
I	1
wear	1
glasses	1
and	1
that	1
gets	1
in	1
the	1
way	1
sometimes.	1
1	1
Great	1
for	1
iPODs	1
too.	1
1	1
And	1
my	1
wife	1
also	1
uses	1
this	1
unit,	1
as	1
I	1
bought	1
her	1
one.	1
It	1
might	1
say	1
'Plantronics'	1
in	1
the	1
ad	1
but	1
there	1
aren't	1
any	1
marking	1
of	1
the	1
manufacturer.	1
This	1
device	1
is	1
great	1
in	1
several	1
situations:1.)	1
1	1
Mic	1
Doesn't	1
work.	1
0	1
Don't	1
buy	1
for	1
KRZR	1
K1m.	1
Maybe	1
it's	1
just	1
the	1
Creative	1
product	1
that	1
cuses	1
the	1
problem?	1
Mine	1
has	1
a	1
sync	1
button.	1
They	1
shipped	1
to	1
me	1
a	1
Monster	1
RadioPlay	1
250.	1
Since	1
I	1
bought	1
this,	1
I	1
rarely	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
to	1
talk	1
with.	1
logitech	1
replaced	1
it	1
with	1
this	1
one	1
12/06.	1
Even	1
in	1
my	1
BMW	1
3	1
series	1
which	1
is	1
fairly	1
quiet,	1
I	1
have	1
trouble	1
hearing	1
what	1
the	1
other	1
person	1
is	1
saying.	1
0	1
Great	1
choice!	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
purchesed	1
a	1
few	1
hand	1
free	1
ear	1
pieces	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
2	1
years.	1
Nice	1
docking	1
station	1
for	1
home	1
or	1
work.	1
1	1
Surprising	1
to	1
get	1
at	1
such	1
price.	1
I	1
reluctantly	1
went	1
about	1
preparing	1
my	1
new	1
keyboard	1
for	1
a	1
return.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
beautiful	1
phone.	1
1	1
Love	1
this	1
product.	1
1	1
Do	1
Not	1
Buy	1
for	1
D807...wrongly	1
advertised	1
for	1
D807.	1
0	1
I	1
live	1
4	1
miles	1
outside	1
city	1
limits.	1
As	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
plugged	1
them	1
into	1
my	1
iPhone,	1
I	1
received	1
an	1
error	1
message	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
not	1
charging.	1
It's	1
big	1
and	1
bulky	1
and	1
seems	1
too	1
heavy	1
to	1
hold	1
on	1
with	1
the	1
latch	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
the	1
unit.	1
About	1
an	1
hour	1
into	1
the	1
trip	1
I	1
heard	1
him	1
scream	1
that	1
the	1
cord	1
was	1
getting	1
hot	1
and	1
pulled	1
over	1
to	1
see	1
what	1
was	1
going	1
on.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
item.	1
1	1
i	1
have	1
other	1
palm	1
products	1
and	1
liked	1
them.	1
First,	1
let	1
me	1
just	1
say	1
to	1
those	1
who	1
bash	1
this	1
phove	1
because	1
of	1
T-Mobile,	1
STOP!	1
Points	1
for	1
truth	1
in	1
advertising,	1
though,	1
as	1
it	1
really	1
is	1
a	1
Danger	1
Side	1
Pouch--emphasis	1
on	1
DANGER!	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone	1
,	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
handy	1
and	1
has	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
features	1
.	1
1	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
and	1
within	1
2	1
days	1
it	1
was	1
no	1
longer	1
working!!!!!!!!!	1
0	1
Clip	1
was	1
so	1
limp	1
the	1
battery	1
wouldn't	1
stay	1
in	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
wear	1
it	1
everyday	1
and	1
it	1
holds	1
up	1
very	1
well.	1
1	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
bargain.	1
0	1
Well	1
packaged,	1
arrived	1
on	1
time,	1
and	1
works	1
as	1
intended.	1
1	1
at	1
first	1
i	1
was	1
happy	1
because	1
it	1
wasn't	1
some	1
stupid-looking	1
free	1
phones	1
without	1
a	1
camera	1
and	1
stuff.on	1
my	1
other	1
phone,	1
i	1
used	1
speed	1
dial.	1
Works	1
every	1
time..	1
I	1
use	1
these	1
USB	1
chargers	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
and	1
my	1
Drift	1
camera.	1
PDA	1
but	1
no	1
Communications.	1
Otherwise,	1
the	1
best	1
option	1
you	1
have	1
is	1
the	1
earbuds	1
that	1
come	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
battery	1
runs	1
down	1
quickly.	1
0	1
This	1
item	1
worked	1
great,	1
but	1
it	1
broke	1
after	1
6	1
months	1
of	1
use.	1
0	1
The	1
headsets	1
are	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
everyone	1
loves	1
them.	1
1	1
This	1
phone	1
works	1
great.	1
1	1
Great	1
product.	1
Caveat	1
emptor.	1
The	1
vendor	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
replacement	1
headset	1
after	1
discovering	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
didn't	1
work,	1
and	1
the	1
replacement	1
didn't	1
work	1
either.	1
I	1
agree	1
with	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
reviewers	1
that	1
it	1
feels	1
flimsy	1
at	1
first,	1
you	1
will	1
be	1
nervous	1
about	1
keeping	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
pocket.	1
I	1
cut	1
these	1
pads	1
to	1
put	1
under	1
the	1
rubber	1
furniture	1
pads	1
between	1
them	1
and	1
the	1
floow	1
and	1
no	1
more	1
slipping.	1
Big	1
difference.	1
The	1
construction	1
of	1
the	1
headsets	1
is	1
poor.	1
0	1
Don't	1
bump	1
into	1
things.	1
Product	1
was	1
excellent	1
and	1
works	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
verizon	1
one	1
and	1
Boy	1
was	1
it	1
cheaper!	1
1	1
This	1
keyboard	1
really	1
makes	1
the	1
BlackBerry	1
much	1
more	1
useful!	1
The	1
phone	1
loads	1
super!	1
1	1
All	1
I	1
asked	1
for	1
was	1
the	1
service	1
they	1
said	1
they	1
would	1
provide.	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
find	1
the	1
headset!!!	1
I	1
always	1
have	1
problems	1
with	1
ear	1
bud	1
size!!!.	1
Now,	1
I	1
can	1
put	1
them	1
in	1
this	1
case	1
and	1
put	1
the	1
case	1
in	1
my	1
purse,	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
pull	1
my	1
phone	1
out,	1
it's	1
all	1
together.	1
For	1
a	1
product	1
that	1
costs	1
as	1
much	1
as	1
this	1
one	1
does,	1
I	1
expect	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
far	1
better	1
and	1
with	1
greater	1
ease	1
than	1
this	1
thing	1
does.	1
0	1
My	1
Motorola	1
V197	1
fits	1
just	1
as	1
it	1
should	1
into	1
the	1
case.	1
There	1
is	1
some	1
distortion	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
unit	1
and	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
have	1
complained	1
about	1
similar	1
interference	1
too.	1
Great	1
clip!.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
read	1
the	1
other	1
reviews	1
for	1
this	1
item	1
before	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
so	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
I	1
give	1
5	1
thumbs	1
up.	1
Most	1
likely.	1
The	1
only	1
remedy	1
we	1
have	1
for	1
non	1
functioning	1
headsets	1
is	1
replacement,	1
if	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
within	1
the	1
one	1
year	1
warranty.	1
Low	1
power	1
battery.	1
The	1
image	1
of	1
this	1
Lithium	1
Ion	1
Battery	1
shown	1
on	1
the	1
website	1
is	1
that	1
of	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
that	1
come	1
w/	1
Nokia	1
phone.	1
After	1
contacting	1
Cingular	1
[again],	1
they	1
informed	1
me	1
that	1
my	1
information	1
was	1
now	1
in	1
the	1
system,	1
but	1
the	1
SIM	1
would	1
not	1
respond.	1
Made	1
very	1
sturdy.	1
1	1
Worked	1
great!.	1
1	1
Upon	1
my	1
return	1
to	1
the	1
US,	1
the	1
only	1
compensation	1
provided	1
by	1
T-Mobile	1
was	1
a	1
replacement	1
unit.	1
I	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
then	1
it	1
won't	1
work.	1
I	1
set	1
the	1
box	1
up,	1
but	1
the	1
instructions	1
say	1
it	1
needs	1
15	1
feet	1
of	1
VERTICAL	1
clearance	1
between	1
the	1
base	1
unit	1
and	1
the	1
antenna.	1
I've	1
put	1
it	1
away	1
in	1
a	1
drawer	1
I	1
don't	1
plan	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
much.	1
I'd	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
these	1
guys.	1
The	1
ear	1
buds	1
only	1
play	1
music	1
in	1
one	1
ear.	1
0	1
Dont	1
waste	1
your	1
money...	1
0	1
I	1
use	1
them	1
on	1
a	1
Windows	1
XP	1
PC	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
no	1
issues	1
once	1
the	1
software	1
was	1
installed.	1
Paired	1
up	1
with	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
headset,	1
I	1
rarely	1
have	1
to	1
touch	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
for	1
actual	1
phone	1
calls;	1
when	1
I	1
do,	1
it's	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
This	1
will	1
force	1
the	1
unit	1
to	1
run	1
off	1
the	1
batteries	1
(which	1
come	1
pre-charged).	1
Will	1
order	1
from	1
them	1
again!	1
1	1
No	1
problem.	1
If	1
you	1
plan	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
in	1
a	1
car	1
forget	1
about	1
it.	1
0	1
Thank	1
you	1
so	1
much.	1
I	1
was	1
correct.	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
be	1
waaay	1
too	1
big.	1
0	1
Best	1
I've	1
found	1
so	1
far	1
....	1
I've	1
tried	1
2	1
other	1
bluetooths	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
has	1
the	1
best	1
quality	1
(for	1
both	1
me	1
and	1
the	1
listener)	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
ease	1
of	1
using.	1
1	1
I'm	1
very	1
disappointed	1
with	1
my	1
decision.	1
0	1
Integrated	1
seamlessly	1
with	1
the	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
phone.	1
1	1
Maybe	1
you'll	1
have	1
better	1
luck,	1
but	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
swap	1
these	1
two	1
for	1
something	1
that	1
works	1
more	1
like	1
a	1
telephone	1
(can	1
you	1
hear	1
me	1
now!)	1
helps	1
you	1
to	1
throw	1
that	1
charger	1
away	1
and	1
not	1
use	1
it	1
at	1
all.	1
Try	1
getting	1
a	1
172x220	1
animated	1
GIF	1
under	1
100K;	1
its	1
very	1
very	1
limiting.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
when	1
my	1
daughter	1
was	1
born.	1
Should	1
have	1
been	1
easier.	1
Buyer	1
Beware,	1
you	1
could	1
flush	1
money	1
right	1
down	1
the	1
toilet.	1
0	1
This	1
doesn't	1
seem	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
new	1
battery	1
as	1
they	1
described	1
on	1
the	1
site.	1
For	1
those	1
who	1
experience	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
interference	1
or	1
muffling,	1
I	1
recommend	1
you	1
try	1
the	1
version	1
with	1
"Noise	1
Cancelling."	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
it	1
has	1
has	1
walkie-talkie	1
and	1
ringtones	1
and	1
it	1
looks	1
fine.So	1
I	1
want	1
this	1
phone.	1
Now,	1
the	1
IPOD	1
works	1
like	1
new	1
and	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
hours.	1
This	1
would	1
minimize	1
background	1
noise.	1
Bug	1
in	1
the	1
Samsung	1
e315	1
phone.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
had	1
bought	1
a	1
motorola	1
phone.	1
Definitely	1
a	1
bargain.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
problem	1
with	1
signal	1
though.	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
with	1
the	1
free	1
shipping	1
and	1
all	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
purchase.	1
1	1
I	1
received	1
my	1
supposedly	1
new	1
motorola	1
375	1
and	1
apparently	1
there	1
was	1
not	1
a	1
match	1
between	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
charger.	1
0	1
Pros:-Good	1
camera	1
-	1
very	1
nice	1
pictures	1
,	1
also	1
has	1
cool	1
styles	1
like	1
black	1
and	1
white,	1
and	1
more.	1
1	1
It's	1
not	1
comfy	1
and	1
everyone	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
says	1
they	1
can't	1
hear	1
me	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
it....	1
Oh	1
well...	1
That's	1
a	1
huge	1
design	1
flaw	1
(unless	1
I'm	1
not	1
using	1
it	1
correctly,	1
which	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
is	1
the	1
case).	1
0	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
jabra	1
c120	1
stereo	1
earbuds	1
because	1
i	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
for	1
my	1
phone	1
but	1
it	1
don't.	1
But	1
the	1
BlueAnt	1
Supertooth	1
Light	1
was	1
not	1
what	1
it	1
was	1
cracked	1
up	1
to	1
be.	1
I	1
never	1
had	1
signals	1
going	1
into	1
buildings	1
with	1
AT&T;	1
and	1
the	1
Nokia	1
6310i	1
(more	1
a	1
fault	1
of	1
AT&T;	1
rather	1
than	1
the	1
Nokia).	1
They	1
claim	1
to	1
have	1
faster	1
service,	1
but	1
there	1
were	1
browser	1
limitations	1
that	1
made	1
it	1
seem	1
no	1
faster	1
to	1
me	1
that	1
the	1
IPAQ.	1
I	1
love	1
my	1
350	1
headset..	1
My	1
Jabra350	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
is	1
great,	1
the	1
reception	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
is	1
a	1
comfortable	1
fit.	1
1	1
The	1
camera,	1
although	1
rated	1
at	1
an	1
impressive	1
1.3	1
megapixels,	1
renders	1
images	1
that	1
fall	1
well	1
below	1
expectations	1
of	1
such	1
a	1
relatively	1
high	1
resolution.	1
0	1
I	1
purcashed	1
this	1
for	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
and	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
0	1
Sound	1
quality	1
on	1
both	1
end	1
is	1
excellent,	1
I	1
use	1
headset	1
to	1
call	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
ask	1
my	1
wife	1
to	1
use	1
headset	1
to	1
call	1
me	1
!2.	1
1	1
the	1
included	1
adapter	1
as	1
originally	1
planned	1
because	1
they	1
sound	1
better	1
and	1
are	1
more	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
for	1
extended	1
period	1
of	1
time.	1
So	1
you	1
end	1
up	1
paying	1
3	1
weeks	1
of	1
cellular	1
charges	1
with	1
out	1
using	1
the	1
services.	1
There	1
are	1
a	1
few	1
spots	1
around	1
town	1
where	1
my	1
calls	1
get	1
dropped	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
cellular	1
phone	1
while	1
driving	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
slim	1
and	1
light	1
and	1
the	1
display	1
is	1
beautiful.	1
1	1
its	1
a	1
little	1
geeky	1
but	1
i	1
think	1
thats	1
its	1
sex	1
on	1
toast	1
and	1
it	1
rocks	1
and	1
oozes	1
sex	1
right	1
down	1
to	1
its	1
battery	1
embedded	1
sleek	1
stylish	1
leather	1
case.	1
1	1
This	1
model	1
Bluetooth	1
was	1
the	1
first	1
model	1
I	1
ever	1
owned...that	1
was	1
3	1
years	1
ago.	1
The	1
JAB	1
C510	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
IPhone	1
4	1
and	1
I	1
know	1
the	1
C250	1
does	1
because	1
I	1
have	1
one	1
already.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
product	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
ago.......didnt	1
get	1
it,	1
wrote	1
a	1
not	1
so	1
great	1
review.	1
However,	1
I	1
feel	1
the	1
T610	1
has	1
an	1
easier	1
user	1
interface	1
and	1
is	1
able	1
to	1
screen	1
calls.The	1
first	1
RAZR	1
was	1
fine	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
72	1
hrs.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
about	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
that	1
one.	1
Great	1
product,	1
fast	1
shipping!.	1
1	1
(i)	1
You	1
cannot	1
display	1
SIM	1
card	1
memory	1
OR	1
phone	1
memory.	1
Absolutely	1
great.	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
simple	1
phone	1
that	1
does	1
as	1
good	1
job.	1
The	1
keyboard	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
compromise	1
between	1
a	1
full	1
QWERTY	1
and	1
the	1
basic	1
cell	1
phone	1
number	1
keypad.	1
1	1
The	1
buttons	1
are	1
very	1
well	1
laid	1
out.5.	1
It's	1
"manner	1
mode."	1
i	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
around	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
may	1
and	1
i'm	1
completely	1
unhappy	1
with	1
it.	1
0	1
This	1
is	1
exasperating.3.	1
But,	1
I	1
just	1
wish	1
it	1
had	1
better	1
internal	1
memory.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
comfortable	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
1	1
It	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
winner	1
for	1
us.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6010	1
as	1
my	1
primary	1
phone.	1
After	1
several	1
weeks	1
of	1
frustration	1
--	1
and	1
really	1
wanting	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
work	1
--	1
I	1
gave	1
up	1
and	1
returned	1
it.	1
It's	1
alot	1
smaller,	1
lighter,	1
and	1
WAY	1
better.	1
Low	1
down	1
dirty	1
battery	1
time.	1
)Setup	1
couldn't	1
have	1
been	1
simpler.	1
1	1
I've	1
tried	1
several	1
different	1
earpieces	1
for	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
this	1
Jabra	1
one	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
I've	1
found	1
that	1
fits	1
my	1
ear	1
comfortably.	1
1	1
GOOD	1
answer!	1
Could	1
not	1
get	1
strong	1
enough	1
signal.	1
0	1
The	1
MP3	1
player	1
in	1
theory	1
is	1
nice	1
but	1
the	1
headphone	1
jack	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
proprietary	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
only	1
use	1
their	1
headphones	1
unless	1
I	1
pick	1
up	1
an	1
adapter.	1
Will	1
it	1
ever	1
work?.	1
It	1
works,	1
and	1
was	1
cheap,	1
what	1
more	1
can	1
I	1
say.	1
Wanting	1
to	1
go	1
wireless,	1
I	1
read	1
reviews	1
and	1
felt	1
the	1
CS55	1
would	1
fit	1
my	1
needs.	1
Iam	1
glad	1
to	1
get	1
adapter's	1
like	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
old	1
Sony	1
phone.	1
Iam	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
1	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
buying	1
a	1
screen	1
protector	1
with	1
it	1
as	1
well.	1
This	1
battery	1
did	1
not	1
come	1
in	1
a	1
NOKIA	1
package	1
and	1
the	1
black	1
paint	1
on	1
the	1
Nokia	1
Hologram	1
Logo	1
is	1
worn???	1
This	1
is	1
THE	1
unit	1
to	1
purchase.	1
Bad	1
Quality.	1
0	1
Gets	1
the	1
job	1
done.	1
1	1
Great	1
audio!.	1
1	1
I	1
emailed	1
them	1
about	1
the	1
problem	1
and	1
they	1
sent	1
me	1
the	1
instructions	1
to	1
reset	1
the	1
phone	1
within	1
minutes.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
metallic	1
blue	1
cover	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
shipped	1
without	1
additional	1
shipping	1
charges	1
(thank	1
you!).	1
Protects	1
go.	1
Basically	1
the	1
service	1
was	1
very	1
bad.	1
0	1
It	1
doesn't	1
help	1
that	1
the	1
button	1
is	1
positioned	1
so	1
my	1
thumb	1
always	1
wants	1
to	1
push	1
it.On	1
the	1
positive	1
side,	1
it's	1
a	1
light	1
phone	1
with	1
good	1
quality	1
sound.	1
And,	1
with	1
rumors	1
flying	1
around	1
that	1
they're	1
going	1
to	1
be	1
bought	1
out	1
in	1
the	1
near	1
future,	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
considering	1
switching	1
to	1
Sprint.	1
The	1
charger	1
I	1
ordered	1
does	1
not	1
work!	1
It	1
worked	1
out	1
doors,	1
at	1
work,	1
and	1
most	1
importantly	1
in	1
my	1
condo.	1
Was	1
delivered	1
on	1
the	1
26th.	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
plans	1
of	1
switching	1
carriers	1
anytime	1
soon.	1
(I	1
cannot	1
believe	1
how	1
many	1
people	1
are	1
jawing	1
away	1
on	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
while	1
pumping	1
gas.	1
BARGAINCELL.	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
in	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
plug	1
i	1
am	1
very	1
up	1
set	1
with	1
the	1
charger!.	1
0	1
I	1
no	1
longer	1
carry	1
the	1
charger	1
on	1
business	1
trips,	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
cable	1
and	1
charge	1
my	1
Treo	1
600	1
using	1
a	1
laptop	1
instead.	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
my	1
bluetooth	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
weeks,	1
but	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
it.	1
1	1
My	1
solution	1
was	1
to	1
fit	1
the	1
hook	1
under	1
the	1
outside	1
of	1
my	1
ear,	1
which	1
pulls	1
the	1
bud	1
down	1
into	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
holds	1
it	1
in	1
place.	1
The	1
cover	1
is	1
too	1
short	1
for	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V3i	1
cell	1
phone.	1
The	1
BT	1
headset	1
was	1
such	1
a	1
disapoinment.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
small	1
and	1
you	1
don't	1
even	1
realize	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
there	1
after	1
a	1
while	1
of	1
getting	1
used	1
to	1
it.	1
1	1
Samsung	1
E105	1
-	1
T-Mobile	1
(5/5).	1
The	1
accompanied	1
software	1
is	1
almost	1
brilliant.	1
1	1
The	1
first	1
problem	1
was	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
caller	1
id	1
data	1
on	1
my	1
external	1
screen.	1
I	1
primarily	1
use	1
my	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
for	1
making	1
calls	1
and	1
using	1
organizer	1
functions.	1
Purchased	1
at	1
an	1
AT&T;	1
store	1
on	1
Friday	1
along	1
with	1
my	1
iPhone.	1
Headset	1
works	1
great	1
&	1
was	1
packaged	1
nicely	1
to	1
avoid	1
any	1
damage.	1
1	1
!I	1
definitly	1
recommend!!	1
1	1
Disappointed.	1
STATIC	1
AND	1
TROUBLE	1
PAIRING.	1
This	1
unit	1
does	1
the	1
job.	1
Buyer--Be	1
Very	1
Careful!!!!!.	1
0	1
As	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
am	1
in	1
a	1
calm	1
and	1
unhurried	1
mood	1
I	1
will	1
try	1
that	1
option	1
and	1
update	1
this	1
review.	1
I	1
am	1
currently	1
fighting	1
w/	1
nokia	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
have	1
them	1
send	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
piece.	1
I	1
do	1
know	1
that	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
resting	1
on	1
a	1
spot	1
and	1
isnt	1
touched	1
the	1
connection	1
remains.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
tried	1
the	1
other	1
"new"	1
battery,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
completely	1
dead	1
when	1
it	1
arrived.	1
The	1
new	1
Blackberry	1
has	1
accomplished	1
what	1
they	1
set	1
out	1
to	1
do	1
from	1
the	1
begining.	1
i	1
used	1
this	1
product	1
on	1
a	1
Blackjack	1
II	1
screen	1
that	1
was	1
covered	1
in	1
cloudy	1
patches	1
of	1
scratches.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
work,	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
call	1
a	1
client	1
back	1
because	1
my	1
headset	1
doesn't	1
work,	1
that	1
does	1
not	1
look	1
good.	1
Supposedly	1
it's	1
being	1
pitched	1
to	1
the	1
corporate	1
market	1
as	1
Windows	1
oriented,	1
but	1
it's	1
botched	1
for	1
that	1
purpose.	1
great	1
for	1
your	1
camera	1
etc	1
.	1
I	1
paired	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
8100	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
simple	1
and	1
straightforward.	1
The	1
keyboard	1
ships	1
with	1
a	1
device	1
holder	1
at	1
the	1
top,	1
but	1
I	1
pulled	1
that	1
off	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
week	1
and	1
have	1
not	1
looked	1
back.	1
The	1
magnetic	1
latch	1
at	1
front	1
of	1
cover	1
serves	1
2	1
purposes	1
-	1
holds	1
cover	1
in	1
place	1
and	1
cuts	1
power	1
to	1
the	1
screen	1
and	1
keyboard	1
when	1
cover	1
is	1
closed	1
(magic).	1
The	1
majority	1
of	1
the	1
Logitech	1
earbud	1
headsets	1
failed.	1
0	1
Charge	1
time	1
is	1
less	1
than	1
an	1
hour,	1
but	1
that	1
steep	1
of	1
a	1
descent	1
in	1
talk	1
time	1
is	1
kind	1
of	1
harsh.	1
Sound	1
was	1
very	1
scratchy	1
when	1
plugged	1
in.	1
This	1
product	1
requires	1
you	1
to	1
constantly	1
change	1
the	1
station	1
to	1
play	1
your	1
IPOD	1
anywhere	1
while	1
driving.	1
Very	1
good	1
stuff	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
1	1
Then	1
one	1
day,	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
use	1
them	1
and	1
the	1
reciever	1
crapped	1
out.	1
Stylish,	1
sleek,	1
ergonomic2.	1
great	1
product.	1
I	1
do,	1
however,	1
try	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
back	1
in	1
it's	1
cradle	1
as	1
much	1
as	1
possible	1
during	1
the	1
day	1
to	1
prevent	1
battery	1
run-down.	1
I'm	1
using	1
it	1
with	1
Skype,	1
Photo	1
Booth,	1
and	1
as	1
a	1
headset	1
for	1
Itunes	1
and	1
other	1
apps	1
that	1
would	1
normally	1
use	1
the	1
speakers	1
but	1
I	1
need	1
private	1
listening.	1
Here's	1
the	1
major	1
problem	1
and	1
hopefully	1
mine	1
was	1
defective.	1
Product	1
was	1
what	1
I	1
wanted	1
just	1
did	1
not	1
hold	1
up.	1
My	1
headset	1
works	1
just	1
peachy-keen.	1
1	1
I	1
went	1
over	1
to	1
tombile	1
and	1
picked	1
up	1
the	1
cheapest	1
flip	1
phone	1
they	1
had	1
at	1
the	1
time.	1
The	1
bad	1
news	1
is	1
with	1
Apple	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
very	1
small	1
canon	1
pocket	1
camera	1
that	1
I	1
bring	1
with	1
me	1
when	1
I	1
bike.	1
I	1
can't	1
hear	1
you!!!.	1
Heard	1
it's	1
a	1
common	1
problem	1
for	1
v220.	1
In	1
my	1
house	1
I	1
was	1
getting	1
dropped	1
coverage	1
upstairs	1
and	1
no	1
coverage	1
in	1
my	1
basement.	1
0	1
i	1
think	1
my	1
problem	1
might	1
have	1
been	1
the	1
wireless	1
home	1
network.	1
There	1
are	1
several	1
menu	1
options	1
you	1
must	1
go	1
through	1
before	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
to	1
your	1
address	1
book	1
when	1
texting.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
week.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
Palm	1
m515	1
for	1
years	1
and	1
it	1
recently	1
died	1
and	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
was	1
heavy	1
(	1
m515	1
was	1
almost	1
4.5oz)I	1
have	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
3	1
days	1
only.	1
Voice	1
recognition	1
is	1
tremendous!	1
1	1
(I	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
difference	1
between	1
TeleNav	1
capable	1
versions,	1
though)7.	1
What	1
a	1
waste.	1
0	1
The	1
HS850	1
is	1
larger	1
than	1
the	1
H700	1
series	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
USB	1
charger.	1
Not	1
kidding.	1
During	1
several	1
different	1
2	1
minute	1
calls,	1
I	1
experienced	1
5	1
drops	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
in	1
an	1
area	1
that	1
had	1
5	1
bars.	1
0	1
The	1
problem	1
I	1
found	1
was	1
that	1
the	1
clips	1
leg	1
expands	1
way	1
to	1
little	1
to	1
slide	1
on	1
a	1
mans'	1
belt	1
-	1
or	1
any	1
normal	1
leather	1
belt	1
for	1
that	1
matter.	1
They	1
found	1
out	1
that	1
by	1
the	1
number	1
code	1
that	1
was	1
on	1
the	1
CD.	1
I	1
can't	1
recommend	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
the	1
average	1
user	1
but	1
would	1
recommend	1
it	1
for	1
someone	1
who	1
likes	1
cutting	1
edge	1
equipment	1
and	1
doesn't	1
mind	1
a	1
few	1
hassles.	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
item.	1
0	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
0	1
Now,	1
it's	1
been	1
four	1
weeks.	1
I	1
hoped	1
that	1
maybe	1
I	1
just	1
received	1
a	1
bad	1
phone,	1
so	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
for	1
another.	1
Whether	1
I'll	1
be	1
staying	1
with	1
AT&T;	1
is	1
the	1
main	1
question.	1
This	1
device	1
works	1
well.	1
The	1
phone	1
takes	1
FOREVER	1
to	1
charge	1
like	1
2	1
to	1
5	1
hours	1
literally.	1
0	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
on	1
reccomendation	1
from	1
a	1
relative	1
and	1
I'm	1
glad	1
I	1
did.	1
1	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
time!	1
0	1
However,	1
I	1
could	1
barely	1
understand	1
him.	1
Backup	1
usb	1
cable	1
is	1
added	1
bonus.	1
Worth	1
the	1
money.	1
When	1
it	1
works	1
though,	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
bluetooth	1
headset,	1
and	1
works	1
really	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Nokia	1
6233	1
and	1
has	1
great	1
sound.	1
Its	1
reception	1
is	1
very	1
very	1
poor.	1
0	1
Items	1
stated	1
as	1
included	1
from	1
the	1
description	1
ARE	1
NOT	1
INCLUDED.	1
0	1
Cord	1
is	1
too	1
short,	1
if	1
you	1
move	1
your	1
jaws	1
(talk)	1
good	1
luck	1
keeping	1
the	1
thing	1
in	1
your	1
ear.	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
ipod	1
video	1
and	1
sandisk	1
mp3	1
player	1
and	1
both	1
sound	1
great.	1
After	1
3	1
months,	1
screen	1
just	1
went	1
black	1
all	1
of	1
a	1
sudden.	1
0	1
They	1
both	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
problem.	1
I	1
carry	1
a	1
spare	1
in	1
my	1
car,	1
and	1
one	1
in	1
my	1
office.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
such	1
thing	1
as	1
perfection...but	1
the	1
Q	1
comes	1
pretty	1
darned	1
close!	1
good	1
but	1
not	1
so	1
much.	1
I	1
Was	1
Hoping	1
for	1
More.	1
0	1
It's	1
really	1
cool!	1
After	1
a	1
couple	1
weeks	1
of	1
hearing	1
complaints,	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
700,	1
and	1
purchased	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
510.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
vent	1
and	1
on	1
day	1
two	1
or	1
three	1
after	1
I	1
received	1
it,	1
it	1
would	1
start	1
moving	1
to	1
the	1
sides	1
when	1
I	1
turned.	1
Why	1
the	1
box	1
says	1
"Desktop	1
Charger"	1
is	1
beyond	1
me.	1
Audio	1
Quality	1
is	1
poor,	1
very	1
poor.	1
0	1
After	1
a	1
week,	1
I	1
called	1
again.	1
I	1
had	1
absolutely	1
no	1
problem	1
with	1
this	1
headset	1
linking	1
to	1
my	1
8530	1
Blackberry	1
Curve!	1
1	1
I've	1
still	1
not	1
seen	1
a	1
phone	1
with	1
an	1
interface	1
close	1
to	1
this	1
one.	1
Sound	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
the	1
controls	1
are	1
simple.	1
Lower	1
per-minute	1
rates	1
(esp.	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
iPhone	1
3GS.	1
The	1
software	1
does	1
not	1
recognize	1
my	1
phone.	1
It	1
looks	1
like	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
geared	1
towards	1
the	1
young	1
professional	1
under	1
30	1
crowd.	1
First	1
the	1
Ja-Blah	1
errr	1
Jabra	1
Bt350	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
headset	1
if	1
you	1
do	1
not	1
know	1
much	1
about	1
bluetooth.	1
Lacks	1
most	1
common	1
connection.	1
Much	1
handier	1
then	1
just	1
a	1
headseat.	1
thought	1
case	1
was	1
all	1
leather	1
but	1
much	1
of	1
it	1
was	1
clear	1
plastic.	1
Nice	1
Job	1
By	1
All.	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
sounds	1
funny,	1
but	1
to	1
me	1
it	1
seemed	1
like	1
sketchy	1
technology	1
that	1
wouldn't	1
work	1
well.Well,	1
this	1
one	1
works	1
great.	1
1	1
sticky	1
pad	1
review.	1
(Wish	1
I	1
had	1
realized	1
there	1
were	1
new	1
comments	1
from	1
Dell	1
Axim	1
owners.	1
I've	1
bought	1
$5	1
wired	1
headphones	1
that	1
sound	1
better	1
than	1
these.	1
0	1
Motorola	1
H500.	1
Only	1
by	1
reading	1
reviews	1
was	1
I	1
able	1
to	1
clear	1
up	1
my	1
issues.	1
It	1
took	1
almost	1
a	1
month	1
to	1
get	1
resolved,	1
but	1
I	1
finally	1
have	1
the	1
silver	1
headset	1
that	1
I	1
ordered.	1
One	1
advantage	1
to	1
this	1
one-piece	1
design	1
is	1
the	1
superior	1
sturdiness	1
it	1
affords.	1
I	1
sold	1
my	1
Discovery	1
650	1
and	1
upgraded	1
to	1
the	1
655	1
because	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
DSP	1
would	1
cut	1
the	1
noise	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
I	1
don't	1
need	1
bells	1
and	1
whistles	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
want	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
do	1
more	1
than	1
let	1
me	1
talk	1
with	1
my	1
friends	1
and	1
family.	1
So	1
when	1
the	1
info	1
on	1
their	1
site	1
was	1
bad,	1
the	1
charger	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
and	1
guess	1
who	1
carries	1
the	1
bag?	1
SPEAK	1
UP?!?"	1
Gripe	1
-	1
you	1
cannot	1
edit	1
tasks	1
with	1
this	1
phone,	1
you	1
can	1
only	1
change	1
the	1
title.	1
Post-Its	1
would	1
have	1
more	1
stickiness.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
very	1
fast	1
with	1
sending	1
any	1
kind	1
of	1
messages	1
and	1
web	1
browsing	1
is	1
significantly	1
faster	1
than	1
previous	1
phones	1
i	1
have	1
used.	1
1	1
lost	1
phone.	1
Nice	1
quality	1
build,	1
unlike	1
some	1
cheap	1
s***	1
out	1
there.	1
1	1
Just	1
What	1
I	1
needed.	1
So	1
you	1
are	1
going	1
to	1
back	1
up	1
another	1
cable	1
100	1
percent?	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
fantastic	1
and	1
works	1
perfectly!	1
1	1
Works	1
perfectly	1
if	1
you	1
set	1
the	1
phone	1
down,	1
don't	1
touch	1
it	1
and	1
don't	1
go	1
over	1
any	1
bumps.	1
Eventhough	1
this	1
holster	1
does	1
hold	1
the	1
phone,	1
I've	1
found	1
it	1
very	1
difficult	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
holster.	1
or	1
LG's	1
Chocolate.In	1
short,	1
if	1
you're	1
just	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
flashy,	1
stylish	1
phone	1
the	1
LG	1
Chocolate	1
fits	1
the	1
bill	1
nicely.	1
And	1
I	1
just	1
love	1
the	1
colors!	1
1	1
When	1
it	1
is	1
fully	1
charged	1
the	1
blue	1
light	1
goes	1
out.	1
The	1
earbuds	1
would	1
fall	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
wear	1
them	1
over	1
the	1
ear.	1
The	1
volume	1
does	1
not	1
get	1
high	1
enough	1
to	1
hear	1
well.3rd.	1
W810i	1
is	1
just	1
SUPERB.	1
1	1
The	1
max	1
volume	1
of	1
the	1
V600	1
is	1
the	1
mid-level	1
volume	1
of	1
the	1
Razr.	1
However,	1
these	1
replacement	1
batteries	1
have	1
proven	1
perfect.	1
But	1
now	1
I	1
realize	1
what	1
I've	1
been	1
missing	1
out	1
on.	1
The	1
major	1
drawback	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
keypad	1
a	1
lot,	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
previous	1
phone's	1
teeny	1
little	1
buttons.	1
All	1
I	1
can	1
do	1
is	1
whine	1
on	1
the	1
Internet,	1
so	1
here	1
it	1
goes.The	1
more	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
thing	1
the	1
less	1
I	1
like	1
it.	1
0	1
Cute	1
phone,	1
a	1
few	1
glitches.	1
The	1
other	1
colored	1
skins	1
hide	1
the	1
beauty	1
of	1
the	1
phone.The	1
SLVR	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
I've	1
ever	1
had	1
and	1
I'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
What	1
can	1
you	1
do	1
about	1
this?All	1
it	1
takes	1
is	1
a	1
pocket	1
knife	1
or	1
any	1
other	1
utensil	1
suitable	1
for	1
taking	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
plastic	1
off	1
the	1
top	1
tongue.	1
already	1
i've	1
had	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
"freezing	1
up."	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
hands-free	1
device	1
to	1
comply	1
with	1
the	1
new	1
California	1
driving	1
law.	1
Plantronics	1
does	1
ask	1
that	1
you	1
return	1
the	1
broken	1
headset	1
in	1
exchange	1
but	1
still	1
it's	1
a	1
huge	1
savings	1
to	1
handle	1
a	1
replacement	1
this	1
way.	1
Sony	1
car	1
charger.	1
I	1
took	1
it	1
home	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
accept	1
a	1
charge.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
vibrate	1
only	1
guy.	1
It	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
much	1
better.	1
Its	1
very	1
compact	1
and	1
easily	1
fits	1
in	1
your	1
pocket,	1
purse	1
or	1
briefcase.	1
great	1
replacement.	1
Verizon	1
Techs	1
have	1
admitted	1
to	1
me	1
that	1
the	1
antennae	1
in	1
the	1
handset	1
just	1
doesn't	1
pick	1
up	1
well.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
returned	1
it.	1
Great	1
charger.	1
1	1
Buyer	1
Beware!.	1
Best	1
Bluetooth.	1
"I	1
say:CACA!	1
This	1
company	1
is	1
a	1
ripoff	1
and	1
will	1
never	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
them	1
again.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
A-950	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
choice	1
to	1
make	1
despite	1
what	1
others	1
are	1
saying.	1
Initially	1
there	1
was	1
some	1
concern	1
as	1
to	1
whether	1
or	1
not	1
the	1
Flexicase	1
would	1
interfere	1
with	1
thumbing,	1
but	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
that	1
so	1
far.	1
It	1
was	1
in	1
a	1
plain	1
white	1
box	1
with	1
bot	1
a	1
T603	1
and	1
T605	1
label	1
and	1
the	1
unit	1
was	1
clearly	1
marked	1
T603.	1
I'm	1
glad	1
I	1
rejected	1
the	1
opinion	1
of	1
the	1
reviewer	1
who	1
said	1
it	1
was	1
too	1
bulky	1
and	1
that	1
it	1
stuck	1
out	1
too	1
far.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
mystery	1
each	1
day	1
how	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
respond	1
to	1
the	1
owner's	1
touch.	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
Blackberry	1
Pearl.	1
Plus,	1
the	1
anti-noise	1
technology	1
doesn't	1
really	1
work.	1
The	1
phone	1
itself	1
is	1
good,	1
but	1
certain	1
features	1
make	1
it	1
VERY	1
annoying.	1
Dont	1
do	1
it.	1
These	1
made	1
the	1
WEP-200	1
bearable	1
to	1
wear	1
all	1
day.	1
The	1
item	1
arrived	1
fast--within	1
6	1
days--	1
and	1
worked	1
fine.	1
Total	1
frustration	1
&	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
In	1
that	1
respect	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
enjoyed	1
this	1
product	1
every	1
much.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
anyone	1
and	1
they	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
me,	1
it	1
wound	1
up	1
in	1
the	1
trash.	1
This	1
ribbon	1
cable	1
in	1
turn	1
activates	1
the	1
screen	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
slid	1
open	1
(or	1
closes	1
is	1
when	1
slid	1
shut).	1
This	1
phone	1
sucks!.	1
The	1
extended	1
battery	1
is	1
wonderful	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
great!!!	1
Nothing	1
by	1
dead	1
silence.	1
It	1
keeps	1
turning	1
off!.	1
It	1
was	1
heavily	1
distorted	1
through	1
the	1
audio	1
system.	1
It's	1
a	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
PDA	1
or	1
vice-verce.	1
Click	1
Text	1
Message"".9."	1
This	1
is	1
essentially	1
a	1
communications	1
tool	1
that	1
does	1
not	1
communicate.	1
0	1
None	1
of	1
the	1
Jabras	1
or	1
Motorolas	1
come	1
close	1
to	1
the	1
performance	1
and	1
comfort	1
of	1
the	1
510.	1
Works	1
like	1
a	1
charm;	1
it	1
work	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
got	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
1	1
Don't	1
Bother	1
with	1
this	1
Seller.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
loud,	1
even	1
in	1
loud	1
environments	1
like	1
airports.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
no	1
exception.	1
What	1
Customer	1
service?.	1
for	1
the	1
second	1
time!	1
I	1
still	1
maintain	1
that	1
monkeys	1
shouldn't	1
make	1
headphones,	1
we	1
just	1
obviously	1
don't	1
share	1
enough	1
DNA	1
to	1
copy	1
the	1
design	1
over	1
to	1
humans.	1
0	1
I'll	1
try	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
more	1
days	1
before	1
shipping	1
it	1
back.	1
On	1
the	1
Siemens,	1
Panasonic	1
and	1
Vtech	1
though,	1
audio	1
performance	1
was	1
marginal-	1
it	1
sounded	1
like	1
you	1
were	1
across	1
the	1
room.	1
I	1
had	1
read	1
the	1
reviews	1
and	1
just	1
hoped	1
I	1
didn't	1
get	1
a	1
duff	1
one	1
like	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
others.	1
If	1
I	1
could	1
do	1
it	1
over,	1
I	1
would	1
probably	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
cover	1
and	1
just	1
carry	1
the	1
player	1
as	1
is.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
it	1
did	1
is	1
make	1
my	1
wife	1
question	1
my	1
thinking!	1
Great	1
Value.	1
1	1
That's	1
impressive.	1
Since	1
that	1
is	1
where	1
the	1
mike	1
is...	1
it	1
picks	1
it	1
up	1
loudly.	1
Doesn't	1
work	1
at	1
all..	1
I	1
bougth	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
L7c	1
and	1
its	1
not	1
working.	1
0	1
Not	1
sure	1
the	1
reasoning....but	1
am	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
product	1
and	1
excellent	1
service!	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
recorder	1
module	1
for	1
the	1
purpose	1
of	1
recording	1
classes	1
at	1
a	1
music	1
symposium	1
I	1
attended	1
this	1
month.	1
Hope	1
this	1
helps	1
you	1
as	1
well.	1
And,	1
now	1
I	1
can	1
put	1
*any*	1
sim	1
card	1
in	1
the	1
phone,	1
not	1
just	1
Cingular/AT&T.	1
The	1
look	1
of	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
sharp	1
and	1
the	1
screen	1
is	1
nice	1
and	1
clear,	1
with	1
great	1
graphics.	1
1	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year.	1
Compatibility	1
with	1
this	1
phone,	1
although	1
more	1
advanced	1
than	1
the	1
K1	1
and	1
the	1
T637,	1
is	1
terrible.Works	1
like	1
a	1
charm	1
with	1
the	1
HTC	1
Touch.	1
doesn't	1
last	1
long.	1
0	1
None	1
of	1
those	1
phones	1
had	1
covers	1
like	1
mine!	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
friend's	1
t-mobile	1
phone	1
to	1
call	1
in	1
late.high	1
priced	1
plans.	1
One	1
thing	1
I	1
hate	1
is	1
the	1
mode	1
set	1
button	1
at	1
the	1
side.	1
0	1
EXCELLENT	1
SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
1	1
Thank	1
you	1
for	1
wasting	1
my	1
money.	1
0	1
It	1
doesn't	1
do	1
that.	1
Better	1
than	1
my	1
old	1
Plantronics.	1
I	1
called	1
them	1
again	1
for	1
solution.	1
A	1
Step	1
Backward.	1
How	1
can	1
that	1
be?The	1
audio	1
quality	1
is	1
poor.	1
0	1
The	1
iGo	1
chargers	1
and	1
tips	1
are	1
really	1
great.	1
1	1
I've	1
had	1
to	1
reinstall	1
this	1
software	1
dozens	1
of	1
times.	1
The	1
file	1
browser	1
offers	1
all	1
the	1
options	1
that	1
one	1
needs.Handsfree	1
is	1
great.	1
1	1
But	1
since	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
so	1
thin	1
&	1
the	1
release	1
tab	1
is	1
fairly	1
strong,	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
off	1
with	1
one	1
hand	1
unless	1
I	1
struggle	1
with	1
it.	1
One	1
thing	1
I	1
would	1
recommend.	1
I've	1
read	1
where	1
some	1
guys	1
figured	1
out	1
a	1
way,	1
i	1
just	1
havent	1
tried	1
to	1
rig	1
it	1
up	1
yet.	1
good	1
but	1
not	1
the	1
best.	1
I	1
handled	1
it	1
with	1
care	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
time	1
for	1
battery	1
change.	1
When	1
I	1
ordered	1
these	1
I	1
expected	1
something	1
of	1
much	1
lower	1
quality.	1
I	1
sent	1
them	1
an	1
e-mail	1
back	1
saying	1
that	1
although	1
I	1
would	1
love	1
a	1
free	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
I	1
would	1
prefer	1
the	1
product	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for.	1
when	1
shopping	1
at	1
Amazon	1
for	1
Iphone	1
accessories	1
on	1
check	1
out	1
i	1
was	1
informed	1
that	1
a	1
screen	1
protector	1
could	1
not	1
be	1
posted	1
to	1
Australia?	1
I	1
can't	1
figure	1
out	1
why	1
people	1
are	1
talking	1
about	1
bad	1
reception.	1
None	1
of	1
this	1
flimsy	1
crap	1
like	1
the	1
Sony	1
Erricson's	1
have.	1
Superb	1
Phone	1
on	1
a	1
Great	1
Network.	1
1	1
I	1
connected	1
my	1
wife's	1
bluetooth,(Motorola	1
HS850)	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
worked	1
like	1
a	1
charm	1
whether	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
or	1
the	1
case.	1
1	1
I	1
put	1
the	1
latest	1
OS	1
on	1
it	1
(v1.15g),	1
and	1
it	1
now	1
likes	1
to	1
slow	1
to	1
a	1
crawl	1
and	1
lock	1
up	1
every	1
once	1
in	1
a	1
while.	1
0	1
I	1
had	1
an	1
older	1
model	1
Samsung	1
that	1
worked	1
much	1
better	1
and	1
my	1
new	1
RAZR	1
is	1
even	1
better!	1
It	1
only	1
recognizes	1
the	1
Phone	1
as	1
its	1
storage	1
device.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
like	1
a	1
loud	1
buzzing	1
to	1
override	1
all	1
your	1
conversations,	1
then	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
for	1
you!	1
0	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
product.	1
0	1
The	1
phone	1
will	1
slide	1
into	1
the	1
holster,	1
but	1
the	1
phone	1
clip	1
on	1
the	1
holster	1
does	1
not	1
secure	1
or	1
even	1
touch	1
the	1
phone.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
bluetoooth	1
headset	1
for	1
some	1
time	1
now	1
and	1
still	1
not	1
comfortable	1
with	1
the	1
way	1
it	1
fits	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
0	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
functionality	1
is	1
awesome.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
thorn	1
in	1
my	1
side,	1
I	1
really	1
abhor	1
it.	1
0	1
I've	1
heard	1
this	1
is	1
just	1
an	1
issue	1
with	1
hard	1
drive	1
based	1
iPods.If	1
your	1
iPod	1
uses	1
a	1
hard	1
drive	1
and	1
you	1
plan	1
on	1
long	1
recording,	1
don't	1
bother	1
with	1
this.	1
When	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
a	1
day	1
before	1
my	1
contract	1
expired,	1
I	1
of	1
course	1
wanted	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
number.	1
When	1
I	1
turn	1
the	1
volume	1
up	1
the	1
highest	1
it	1
will	1
go,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
help.	1
I	1
recently	1
had	1
problems	1
where	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
stay	1
connected	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
10	1
minutes	1
before	1
being	1
disconnected.	1
0	1
Incredible!.	1
1	1
Design	1
Flaw?.	1
0	1
T-mobiles	1
customer	1
service	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
change	1
coming	1
from	1
Nextel!	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
~1	1
year.	1
The	1
earlpiece	1
does	1
not	1
lay	1
flat	1
against	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
was	1
wearing	1
the	1
headset	1
on	1
my	1
left	1
side,	1
and	1
holding	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
my	1
left	1
hand	1
-	1
STATIC!!!!	1
Great	1
phone!.	1
1	1
Ah	1
well,	1
live	1
and	1
learn...	1
It	1
is	1
nice	1
for	1
backing	1
up	1
phone	1
numbers	1
and	1
data	1
in	1
phone.	1
I	1
plugged	1
the	1
charger	1
into	1
the	1
first	1
phone	1
that	1
was	1
waiting	1
to	1
be	1
returned	1
and	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
happened,	1
"Not	1
Charging"	1
msg	1
appeared.	1
Waste	1
of	1
13	1
bucks.	1
0	1
But	1
when	1
I	1
check	1
voice	1
mail	1
at	1
night,	1
the	1
keypad	1
backlight	1
turns	1
off	1
a	1
few	1
seconds	1
into	1
the	1
first	1
message,	1
and	1
then	1
I'm	1
lost.	1
0	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
they	1
do	1
not	1
interfere	1
with	1
glasses,	1
but	1
be	1
careful	1
not	1
to	1
drop	1
them.	1
The	1
replacement	1
died	1
in	1
a	1
few	1
weeks.	1
0	1
Any	1
ring	1
tone..Overall	1
good	1
phone	1
to	1
buy..	1
1	1
car	1
charger.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
and	1
the	1
service	1
provided.	1
My	1
contract	1
is	1
up	1
at	1
this	1
point;	1
when	1
this	1
one	1
dies,	1
I'll	1
be	1
getting	1
something	1
else.	1
No	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
worn	1
out	1
battery	1
I	1
was	1
replacing.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
was	1
excellent	1
but	1
there	1
were	1
a	1
few	1
crackles.	1
Lately	1
they	1
have	1
been	1
extremely	1
nice	1
and	1
helpful	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
1	1
Dissapointing,	1
but	1
not	1
unusual	1
for	1
Motorola..	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
since	1
August,	1
2005.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
Palm	1
or	1
organizer	1
for	1
me.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
problems	1
wit	1
hit	1
dropping	1
signal	1
and	1
more.	1
0	1
Works	1
fine	1
with	1
my	1
USB	1
cable	1
and	1
fits	1
my	1
travel	1
phone,	1
obviating	1
the	1
need	1
to	1
carry	1
yet	1
another	1
charger.	1
Not	1
impressed.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
searching	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
with	1
no	1
luck.	1
You	1
can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price.	1
Light	1
weight,	1
I	1
hardly	1
notice	1
it	1
is	1
there.	1
1	1
You'll	1
love	1
how	1
thin	1
it	1
is.	1
1	1
Bad	1
Choice.	1
0	1
The	1
pleather	1
case	1
doesn't	1
fit.	1
0	1
This	1
pretty	1
much	1
works	1
as	1
advertised.	1
I	1
strongly	1
advise	1
against	1
signing	1
up	1
through	1
Amazon.	1
THIS	1
PHONE	1
IS	1
A	1
LEMON.	1
useless	1
phone,	1
simply	1
deaf.	1
0	1
The	1
detachable	1
clip	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
bulky,	1
but	1
you	1
get	1
used	1
to	1
it,	1
and	1
it	1
does	1
come	1
off.	1
The	1
agreement	1
between	1
Motorola,	1
iTunes	1
and	1
Cingular	1
is	1
to	1
sell	1
phones	1
in	1
the	1
U.S.	1
It	1
has	1
pretty	1
good	1
range,	1
although	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
very	1
defined.	1
The	1
color	1
is	1
even	1
prettier	1
than	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
be,	1
and	1
the	1
graphics	1
are	1
incredibly	1
sharp.	1
1	1
Functional	1
and	1
an	1
Improvement.	1
I	1
can't	1
upgrade	1
to	1
a	1
new	1
phone,	1
that	1
would	1
use	1
these	1
because	1
I'd	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
an	1
entire	1
another	1
unit,	1
not	1
just	1
the	1
tips-Why?	1
All	1
in	1
all	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
investment.	1
1	1
It	1
makes	1
very	1
strange	1
ticking	1
noises	1
before	1
it	1
ends	1
the	1
call.	1
0	1
The	1
best	1
electronics	1
of	1
the	1
available	1
FM	1
Transmitters.	1
1	1
The	1
headset	1
is	1
loud	1
when	1
I	1
pump	1
up	1
the	1
handsfree	1
volume	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
crank	1
up	1
the	1
volume	1
on	1
the	1
headset	1
too.	1
Does	1
not	1
look	1
like	1
the	1
picture.	1
At	1
first,	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
doing	1
something	1
wrong,	1
but	1
how	1
can	1
one	1
mess	1
up	1
pushing	1
the	1
on	1
button.	1
Phone	1
Holder.	1
Manual	1
very	1
confusing	1
to	1
a	1
new	1
user.	1
Battery	1
lasts	1
only	1
a	1
few	1
hours.	1
0	1
Which	1
is	1
it?	1
That	1
problem	1
has	1
an	1
easy	1
solution	1
-	1
if	1
the	1
unit	1
does	1
not	1
turn	1
on	1
or	1
off	1
on	1
the	1
first	1
attempt	1
-	1
try	1
again	1
until	1
it	1
does.	1
great	1
headset,	1
very	1
impressed	1
-	1
H500.	1
1	1
The	1
"1.2"	1
mega	1
pixel	1
camera,	1
being	1
a	1
part	1
of	1
a	1
phone,	1
is	1
reasonably	1
good7.	1
1	1
S105,	1
E105,	1
X475	1
and	1
now	1
the	1
X495.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
for	1
nearly	1
2	1
years	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
worked	1
great	1
for	1
me.	1
1	1
Good	1
transmit	1
audio.	1
1	1
It's	1
a	1
series	1
of	1
"hello-hello?	1
You	1
can	1
also	1
download	1
games	1
and	1
programs	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
phone	1
more	1
functional.	1
The	1
constant	1
exhortation	1
to	1
buy	1
more	1
(now!)	1
This	1
item	1
protected	1
the	1
phone	1
great,	1
but	1
was	1
bulky	1
and	1
caused	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
buttons	1
not	1
to	1
function	1
correctly	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
owned	1
two	1
LG	1
phones	1
including	1
the	1
VX7000	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
problems	1
with	1
both	1
phones	1
powering	1
down	1
for	1
no	1
reason.	1
We're	1
BlueAnt	1
fans	1
now,	1
and	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
good	1
will	1
along	1
with	1
this	1
gift.....	1
I	1
haven't	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
cell	1
phone,	1
but	1
that's	1
where	1
the	1
two	1
modes	1
are	1
supposed	1
to	1
work	1
simultaneously.	1
We	1
are	1
sending	1
it	1
back.	1
0	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
bother	1
contacting	1
the	1
company	1
for	1
few	1
dollar	1
product	1
but	1
I	1
learned	1
the	1
lesson	1
that	1
I	1
should	1
not	1
have	1
bought	1
this	1
form	1
online	1
anyway.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
hate	1
earbugs,	1
avoid	1
this	1
phone	1
by	1
all	1
means.	1
0	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
I	1
gave	1
it	1
4/5	1
stars	1
is	1
because	1
I	1
would	1
like	1
it	1
to	1
go	1
down	1
a	1
little	1
farther	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
top	1
and	1
a	1
little	1
higher	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
bottom.	1
the	1
video	1
looks	1
good	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
only	1
medioker	1
on	1
computer.	1
It's	1
worse	1
than	1
nothing	1
at	1
all.	1
Treo	1
Battery.	1
As	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
got	1
it,	1
I	1
plugged	1
in	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
takes	1
a	1
second	1
but	1
starts	1
to	1
boot	1
up	1
and	1
says	1
phone	1
charging.	1
&lt;WARNING>	1
It	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
Skype	1
&lt;WARNING>I	1
also	1
bought	1
this	1
headseat	1
thinking	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
between	1
iTunes	1
and	1
Skype.	1
Great	1
Range,	1
Poor	1
Sound	1
Quality.	1
Great	1
price	1
also!	1
1	1
The	1
range	1
is	1
very	1
decent,	1
I've	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
roam	1
around	1
my	1
house	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
living	1
room	1
with	1
no	1
reception/sound	1
quality	1
issues.	1
1	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
it,	1
but	1
have	1
made	1
several	1
observations	1
But	1
all	1
in	1
all,	1
it	1
works	1
with	1
my	1
Xbox	1
360	1
and	1
for	1
only	1
a	1
little	1
over	1
$2.00	1
I	1
guess	1
you	1
can't	1
ask	1
for	1
too	1
much.	1
Sometimes	1
I	1
forget	1
I	1
have	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
Also,	1
you	1
want	1
the	1
connection	1
to	1
your	1
phone	1
to	1
be	1
stable.	1
Works	1
great	1
for	1
Samsung	1
WEP200.	1
fast	1
service.	1
1	1
RMA	1
ACCESSORIES	1
send	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
phones	1
that	1
are	1
not	1
compatible	1
with	1
it,	1
and	1
it	1
creates	1
a	1
bad	1
image	1
for	1
the	1
product	1
Thankfully	1
its	1
within	1
the	1
time	1
frame	1
of	1
the	1
satisifaction	1
and	1
VZ	1
is	1
changing	1
me	1
out	1
to	1
a	1
different	1
phone	1
altogether.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
volume	1
is	1
very	1
low10.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
iGo	1
chargers	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year,	1
and	1
this	1
little	1
contraption	1
has	1
made	1
an	1
already	1
great	1
idea	1
even	1
better.	1
(I	1
have	1
observed	1
for	1
myself	1
how	1
tough	1
those	1
puppies	1
are.)	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this.	1
1	1
Easily	1
clip	1
to	1
something	1
(I	1
use	1
the	1
clip	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
iPhone	1
on	1
my	1
seatbelt	1
while	1
I'm	1
driving	1
for	1
easy	1
access).	1
So,	1
after	1
reading	1
reviews	1
and	1
advice	1
from	1
sales	1
people,	1
this	1
seemed	1
like	1
the	1
best	1
option	1
for	1
me.After	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days,	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
impressed.	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
aim	1
it	1
at	1
the	1
grill	1
on	1
the	1
right	1
hand	1
side.	1
After	1
buying	1
the	1
new	1
LG	1
Chocolate,	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
car	1
charger	1
for	1
it.	1
The	1
horizontal	1
placement	1
is	1
much	1
more	1
comfortable	1
than	1
the	1
original	1
case's	1
vertical	1
storage.	1
A	1
minor	1
point	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
"connects"	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
(a	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
700p)	1
when	1
a	1
call	1
is	1
placed.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this.	1
1	1
The	1
stereo	1
headset	1
lets	1
you	1
listen	1
to	1
music	1
and	1
talk	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
(has	1
microphone	1
built	1
in).Works	1
fine.	1
In	1
the	1
past	1
3	1
months	1
the	1
phone	1
crashes	1
at	1
least	1
once	1
a	1
week.	1
The	1
power	1
button	1
blends	1
too	1
well	1
to	1
the	1
touch.	1
I	1
also	1
didn't	1
like	1
the	1
"on"	1
button,	1
it	1
felt	1
like	1
it	1
would	1
crack	1
with	1
use.	1
0	1
The	1
included	1
car	1
charger	1
makes	1
this	1
a	1
snap.	1
Really	1
Nice	1
Headphones,	1
But	1
.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
activating	1
one	1
phone	1
because	1
it	1
arrived	1
set	1
to	1
the	1
wrong	1
public	1
system	1
selection.	1
WORST	1
PHONE	1
EVER.	1
0	1
It's	1
sleek.	1
I'm	1
still	1
infatuated	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
1	1
The	1
directions	1
defy	1
the	1
law	1
of	1
physics.3.	1
It	1
didn't	1
just	1
DIE,	1
it	1
started	1
making	1
calls	1
on	1
its	1
own.I	1
am	1
not	1
making	1
this	1
up.	1
All	1
to	1
no	1
avail.This	1
crappy	1
headset	1
produced	1
constant	1
static	1
unless	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
1-2'	1
from	1
the	1
headset.	1
I	1
called	1
to	1
cancelled	1
and	1
charged	1
me	1
$112	1
and	1
change.	1
Freezes	1
frequently4.	1
0	1
Inside	1
Secret.	1
If	1
you	1
give	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
a	1
teen,	1
your	1
next	1
bill	1
could	1
be	1
monstrous	1
from	1
the	1
ridiculously	1
priced	1
customization.6.	1
can't	1
they	1
make	1
solar	1
powered	1
ones?2.Volume	1
control	1
is	1
kinda	1
impossible.	1
Claimed	1
outstanding	1
noise	1
reduction	1
and	1
great	1
battery	1
life	1
+	1
a	1
fancy	1
looking	1
charger.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
take	1
the	1
headset	1
back	1
to	1
cartoys,	1
but	1
they	1
wouldn't	1
accept	1
the	1
return	1
without	1
the	1
manual.Summary:1)	1
Don't	1
buy	1
motorola.	1
A	1
cover	1
that	1
goes	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
and	1
back	1
of	1
the	1
phone!.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
T305	1
on	1
11/26/09,	1
charged	1
it	1
overnight,	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
in	1
use	1
ever	1
since.	1
The	1
transmitter	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
unit	1
was	1
faulty	1
and	1
only	1
broadcast	1
the	1
right	1
channel	1
-	1
I	1
also	1
got	1
no	1
reply	1
from	1
BlueAnt's	1
tech	1
support.	1
It's	1
kind	1
of	1
embarrassing	1
to	1
use	1
because	1
of	1
how	1
it	1
looks	1
and	1
mostly	1
it's	1
embarrassing	1
how	1
child-like	1
the	1
company	1
is.	1
0	1
Simple,	1
lightweight	1
and	1
great	1
fit.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
gone	1
through	1
a	1
number	1
of	1
earhooks,	1
as	1
they	1
seem	1
to	1
snap	1
just	1
when	1
you	1
need	1
them	1
the	1
most.2.	1
Well	1
made,but	1
difficult	1
to	1
close..	1
The	1
strap	1
did	1
NOT	1
use	1
Velcro	1
to	1
close.	1
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009H7QKQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis	1
works	1
great,	1
but	1
does	1
not	1
come	1
with	1
a	1
synch	1
button	1
like	1
the	1
original.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
I'd	1
expected	1
a	1
better	1
consumer	1
experience	1
from	1
Motorola.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
press	1
and	1
hold	1
the	1
UP	1
volume	1
button,	1
it	1
sets	1
the	1
mute	1
on.	1
My	1
fiancee	1
and	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
pair	1
of	1
these	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time,	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
ago.	1
i90c	1
torture.	1
T-Mobile	1
sells	1
a	1
great	1
device	1
that	1
meets	1
or	1
exceeds	1
all	1
my	1
expectations	1
until	1
it	1
breaks.	1
I	1
thought	1
"pay	1
the	1
extra	1
$$	1
for	1
a	1
genuine	1
Motorola	1
product."	1
The	1
clip	1
rotates	1
360	1
degrees,	1
which	1
helps,	1
and	1
the	1
entire	1
inside	1
display	1
screen	1
is	1
protected.	1
The	1
differences	1
are	1
mainly	1
in	1
comfort,	1
style,	1
and	1
ease	1
of	1
use.	1
There's	1
a	1
horrible	1
tick	1
sound	1
in	1
the	1
background	1
on	1
all	1
my	1
calls	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
experienced	1
before.	1
0	1
She	1
has	1
reported	1
no	1
issues	1
with	1
it	1
not	1
working	1
with	1
her	1
Nook.	1
These	1
are	1
certainly	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
functionality	1
is	1
decent.	1
1	1
I	1
usually	1
don't	1
like	1
headbands	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
very	1
lightweight	1
&	1
doesn't	1
mess	1
up	1
my	1
hair.	1
1	1
I'm	1
a	1
bit	1
disappointed.	1
0	1
Yeah,	1
she's	1
not	1
getting	1
it.	1
I	1
waited	1
almost	1
3	1
weeks	1
and	1
I	1
got	1
itBut	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
suitable	1
for	1
nexus	1
4The	1
film	1
is	1
really	1
smaller	1
than	1
screen	1
of	1
nexus	1
4.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year	1
now,	1
and	1
I	1
will	1
tell	1
you,	1
its	1
not	1
that	1
great.	1
0	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
for	1
sony	1
Ericsson	1
W810i	1
but	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
only	1
worked	1
once	1
(thats	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
used	1
it).	1
0	1
Since	1
my	1
i870	1
battery	1
goes	1
dead	1
in	1
like	1
1	1
1/2	1
with	1
the	1
extended	1
batter	1
pack	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
plug	1
it	1
in	1
to	1
charge.	1
Read	1
before	1
you	1
buy	1
a	1
Treo	1
700p.	1
Even	1
if	1
the	1
headphones	1
break	1
(I	1
stepped	1
on	1
mine)	1
they	1
can	1
be	1
replaced	1
and	1
still	1
used	1
with	1
the	1
converter/microphone.	1
It's	1
okay	1
and	1
useable,	1
but	1
if	1
the	1
camera	1
had	1
been	1
a	1
higher	1
resolution,	1
this	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
a	1
5	1
star	1
device.Finally	1
is	1
T-mobile	1
service.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
V3x	1
which	1
took	1
several	1
updates	1
before	1
it	1
found	1
the	1
phone.	1
Super	1
Star	1
Blue	1
Tooth.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
completely	1
useless	1
to	1
me.	1
0	1
Me	1
and	1
my	1
wife	1
each	1
bought	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
Verizon's	1
"New	1
after	1
2"	1
plan,	1
and	1
chose	1
this	1
one.	1
What	1
a	1
big	1
waste	1
of	1
time.	1
0	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
$$$	1
on	1
this	1
one.	1
0	1
Great	1
sound	1
and	1
service.	1
1	1
You'll	1
be	1
fine	1
with	1
a	1
Motorola	1
phone	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
it	1
works.	1
Sony	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
purchase.	1
This	1
is	1
bad	1
for	1
obvious	1
reasons,	1
but	1
it's	1
also	1
good	1
in	1
that	1
it	1
makes	1
it	1
more	1
visible.	1
Really	1
pleased	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
so	1
far.	1
1	1
We	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
it	1
in	1
our	1
cars.	1
The	1
phone	1
could	1
not	1
sustain	1
a	1
call	1
at	1
my	1
work,	1
nor	1
at	1
my	1
house.	1
I	1
do	1
wish	1
the	1
phone	1
had	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
modem	1
capabilities	1
however.The	1
voice	1
dialing	1
features	1
built	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
work	1
wonderfully.	1
One	1
of	1
my	1
favorite	1
purchases	1
ever.	1
1	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
keep	1
this	1
one	1
short	1
and	1
simple	1
directly	1
from	1
your	1
computer.11.	1
I	1
shut	1
off	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone,	1
and	1
my	1
laptop,	1
but	1
the	1
reception	1
never	1
improved.	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
unable	1
to	1
use	1
since	1
my	1
charger	1
had	1
been	1
ruined.	1
And	1
is	1
my	1
daughter's	1
constant	1
excuse	1
for	1
not	1
answering	1
when	1
I	1
call	1
her.	1
Genuine	1
Sanyo	1
battery.	1
Find	1
a	1
phone	1
and	1
a	1
plan	1
you	1
can	1
like	1
with	1
another	1
carrier.	1
I	1
wish	1
there	1
was	1
an	1
option	1
for	1
better	1
than	1
perfect	1
service	1
as	1
this	1
company	1
deserves	1
it.	1
Razr	1
V3c	1
Replacement	1
Battery.	1
I	1
for	1
one	1
switched	1
from	1
T-mobil	1
to	1
Cingular	1
mainly	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
hands	1
on	1
a	1
black	1
razr.	1
I	1
recently	1
purchased	1
this	1
and	1
the	1
best	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
so-so	1
device.	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
1	1
Too	1
little!!!!	1
Not	1
to	1
shabby	1
for	1
a	1
POS.	1
CAN	1
I	1
GET	1
A	1
HALLELUJAH?	1
Don't	1
be	1
fooled	1
by	1
the	1
pictures	1
though	1
--	1
putting	1
the	1
Axim	1
upright	1
downsn't	1
fly.	1
Authentic	1
leather	1
with	1
nice	1
shine	1
and	1
comfort	1
.I	1
recommend	1
you	1
this	1
case	1
!!	1
1	1
Sound	1
is	1
loud	1
and	1
the	1
eargels	1
helps	1
it	1
stay	1
put,	1
even	1
with	1
shaking	1
my	1
head	1
around.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
excited	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
headset	1
because	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
really	1
cute.	1
1	1
Do	1
not	1
make	1
the	1
same	1
mistake	1
as	1
me.	1
0	1
Their	1
only	1
response	1
was	1
that	1
they	1
had	1
contacted	1
USPS	1
to	1
find	1
my	1
package.	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
i	1
did	1
it	1
was	1
because	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
my	1
400	1
min.	1
When	1
it	1
is	1
closed,	1
it	1
still	1
acts	1
as	1
if	1
it	1
were	1
open,	1
allowing	1
it	1
to	1
drain	1
all	1
day	1
-	1
which	1
makes	1
it	1
useless	1
in	1
the	1
evening.	1
Big	1
Disappointment	1
with	1
calendar	1
sync.	1
0	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
three	1
ear	1
tips,	1
none	1
of	1
which	1
fit	1
my	1
ears	1
well	1
at	1
all.	1
Needless	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
cancel	1
my	1
service	1
and	1
rejoin	1
Sprint	1
but	1
a	1
rep	1
convinced	1
me	1
to	1
try	1
the	1
i850	1
for	1
another	1
14	1
day	1
trial	1
period.	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
unusable	1
and	1
was	1
not	1
new.	1
0	1
Worst	1
Customer	1
Service	1
Ever.	1
0	1
Too	1
much	1
hassle	1
for	1
my	1
liking.	1
The	1
audio	1
quality	1
was	1
acceptable	1
and	1
pairing	1
was	1
easy.	1
We	1
bought	1
a	1
replacement	1
charger	1
on	1
eBay	1
and	1
it	1
didn't	1
fit.	1
The	1
first	1
thing	1
I	1
realized	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
cs50	1
wouldn't	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
cordless	1
phone.	1
No	1
additional	1
ear	1
gels	1
provided,	1
and	1
no	1
instructions	1
whatsoever.	1
0	1
Initially	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
lame	1
to	1
carry	1
around	1
a	1
keyboard	1
and	1
PDA.	1
Good	1
design	1
but	1
poor	1
quality.	1
It	1
completely	1
covers	1
up	1
the	1
external	1
jack...	1
another	1
example	1
of	1
designing	1
something	1
without	1
using	1
the	1
actual	1
product.	1
I	1
can	1
call	1
my	1
relatives	1
FOR	1
FREE	1
in	1
the	1
UK	1
drinking	1
a	1
Capuccino	1
at	1
Starbucks	1
using	1
their	1
free	1
wi-fi	1
access.	1
Don't	1
be	1
fooled	1
by	1
the	1
link	1
for	1
compatible	1
phones,	1
which	1
advises	1
you	1
&quot;All	1
phones	1
with	1
2.5mm	1
jack.&quot;	1
Not	1
true!!	1
Sent	1
the	1
phone	1
back	1
in.	1
As	1
it	1
turns	1
out,	1
I'm	1
not.	1
Fits	1
Like	1
A	1
Glove!.	1
While	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
chance	1
of	1
the	1
iPhone	1
falling	1
out	1
of	1
it,	1
the	1
holder	1
does	1
come	1
detached	1
from	1
the	1
vent.	1
It	1
defeats	1
the	1
purpose	1
of	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
0	1
I've	1
dropped	1
it	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
show	1
damage	1
anywhere,	1
not	1
in	1
the	1
screen	1
or	1
the	1
functions.	1
Plus,	1
I	1
was	1
concerned	1
my	1
new	1
phone	1
would	1
slip	1
from	1
my	1
hands	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
belt	1
clip.	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
this	1
unit.	1
On	1
one	1
set,	1
I	1
could	1
only	1
get	1
sound	1
out	1
of	1
one	1
ear	1
bud	1
no	1
matter	1
what	1
I	1
did.	1
Worth	1
every	1
penny.	1
1	1
Allows	1
me	1
to	1
synchronize	1
my	1
contact	1
with	1
Outlook	1
&	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
as	1
a	1
modem.	1
Yes	1
you	1
can	1
hear	1
very	1
well	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
But	1
This	1
Item	1
should	1
have	1
come	1
with	1
a	1
roll	1
of	1
Duct	1
tape	1
and	1
a	1
tube	1
of	1
superglue.	1
The	1
big	1
problem	1
that	1
I	1
see	1
is	1
not	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
break	1
it	1
down	1
into	1
individual	1
songs.	1
choice	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
tried,	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
them	1
all.	1
Excellent	1
wallet	1
type	1
phone	1
case.	1
1	1
Wrong	1
Starter	1
kit..	1
This	1
starter	1
kit	1
was	1
not	1
for	1
the	1
Samsung	1
i-500.	1
Nice	1
and	1
loud.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
thing	1
because	1
I	1
was	1
tired	1
of	1
the	1
cords	1
hanging	1
around	1
my	1
neck.	1
The	1
iPhone	1
cannot	1
watch	1
it??	1
Nice	1
headphones	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
and	1
they	1
work	1
great!	1
1	1
Internet	1
is	1
excrutiatingly	1
slow.	1
0	1
So	1
unfortunately,	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
this	1
headset	1
works	1
or	1
not.	1
Of	1
course	1
they	1
want	1
you	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
larger	1
denomination	1
card,	1
so	1
they	1
make	1
this	1
just	1
good	1
for	1
only	1
15	1
days.	1
The	1
only	1
option	1
available	1
is	1
the	1
T-Mobile	1
melody	1
that	1
you	1
hear	1
on	1
their	1
commercials.	1
If	1
you	1
listen	1
to	1
music,	1
I	1
recommend	1
headphones.Update	1
June	1
2011	1
-	1
I'm	1
still	1
using	1
this	1
phone,	1
and	1
it's	1
still	1
awesome.	1
Essentially	1
I	1
paid	1
Technocel[price]to	1
damage	1
my	1
phone.	1
My	1
primary	1
interest	1
in	1
purchasing	1
a	1
new	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
Galaxy	1
Nexus	1
was	1
to	1
get	1
one	1
with	1
cut	1
outs	1
around	1
the	1
buttons.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
through	1
5	1
of	1
these	1
phones	1
already,	1
and	1
every	1
one	1
has	1
a	1
terrible	1
echo.	1
Good	1
on	1
delivery,	1
bad	1
on	1
advertising.	1
...Is	1
what	1
my	1
computer	1
said...I	1
don't	1
have	1
time	1
to	1
be	1
shipping	1
things	1
back	1
and	1
fourth,	1
I'd	1
like	1
my	1
purchases	1
to	1
last	1
when	1
I	1
buy	1
them.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
as	1
well,	1
which	1
is	1
probably	1
the	1
most	1
important	1
aspect	1
about	1
using	1
a	1
case.	1
1	1
It's	1
fits	1
like	1
a	1
glove	1
and	1
is	1
strong,	1
secure,	1
and	1
durable.	1
1	1
My	1
wife	1
chose	1
the	1
Samsung	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
smaller	1
of	1
the	1
two	1
phones.We	1
live	1
about	1
4	1
miles	1
from	1
downtown	1
in	1
a	1
semi	1
fringe	1
area.	1
O	1
my	1
gosh	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had.	1
1	1
Thanks	1
for	1
the	1
Updates,	1
Motorola!.	1
It's	1
very	1
attractive	1
and	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
of	1
good	1
quality.	1
1	1
Work	1
issued	1
this	1
and	1
took	1
away	1
the	1
Blackberry	1
and	1
I'm	1
stuck	1
with	1
it.	1
Well,	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
4	1
days,	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
planning	1
on	1
returning	1
it	1
as	1
soon	1
as	1
the	1
replacement	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
scp	1
6200	1
arrives.	1
Cash	1
in	1
your	1
daughter's	1
college	1
fund	1
and	1
buy	1
one	1
today!	1
I	1
love	1
all	1
the	1
features	1
and	1
form	1
factor.	1
1	1
This	1
product	1
had	1
a	1
strong	1
rubber/petroleum	1
smell	1
that	1
was	1
unbearable	1
after	1
a	1
while	1
and	1
caused	1
me	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
0	1
LOL	1
It	1
is	1
textured	1
metal	1
so	1
it	1
not	1
too	1
slick.	1
Highway	1
robbery!!!	1
But	1
they	1
do	1
not	1
understand	1
about	1
business	1
relationships	1
and	1
how	1
to	1
assist	1
the	1
customer.	1
They	1
told	1
me	1
they	1
don't	1
run	1
into	1
many	1
problems	1
at	1
all	1
with	1
this	1
phone!	1
I've	1
called	1
them	1
from	1
multiple	1
phones,	1
all	1
land-lines,	1
and	1
they	1
still	1
say	1
they	1
can't	1
hear	1
you.	1
This	1
was	1
on	1
icing	1
on	1
the	1
cake	1
after	1
2	1
years	1
of	1
absolutely	1
amazingy	1
bad	1
service	1
from	1
nextel.	1
poor	1
quality	1
and	1
service.	1
0	1
No	1
battery.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
your	1
phone's	1
mute	1
feature.There's	1
no	1
audio	1
alert	1
when	1
the	1
headset	1
connects	1
with	1
anything.	1
i	1
bought	1
this	1
cell	1
for	1
my	1
mom	1
as	1
she	1
said	1
she	1
wanted	1
a	1
simple	1
phone..	1
this	1
phone	1
does	1
the	1
job	1
its	1
nothing	1
fancy	1
but	1
it	1
works.	1
The	1
cable	1
looks	1
so	1
thin	1
and	1
flimsy,	1
it	1
is	1
scary.	1
0	1
Great	1
Earpiece.	1
1	1
Superb	1
speaker	1
for	1
the	1
price..	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
just	1
superb,	1
the	1
price	1
for	1
this	1
quality	1
is	1
insane.	1
Excellent	1
hands	1
free	1
tool.	1
1	1
Great	1
for	1
using	1
with	1
your	1
home	1
stereo.	1
1	1
Good	1
product	1
-	1
incredible	1
value.	1
1	1
the	1
shiny	1
piano	1
black	1
look	1
shows	1
finger	1
prints	1
and	1
smuges.	1
Only	1
had	1
this	1
a	1
month	1
but	1
it's	1
worked	1
flawlessly	1
so	1
far.	1
1	1
My	1
advice	1
is	1
to	1
only	1
get	1
this	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
razr	1
otherwise	1
forget	1
it.	1
It	1
actually	1
fits	1
into	1
the	1
port	1
on	1
my	1
iPod	1
but	1
not	1
my	1
vission	1
m.	1
Of	1
course	1
my	1
iPod	1
won't	1
take	1
a	1
charge	1
from	1
it	1
though.I	1
am	1
really	1
frustrated.	1
Works	1
great.	1
1	1
Needless	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
will	1
probably	1
never	1
by	1
another	1
Belkin	1
product	1
again.	1
Absolutel	1
junk.	1
0	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
buying	1
a	1
different	1
manufacturer's	1
phone,	1
but	1
if	1
you're	1
stuck	1
on	1
buying	1
a	1
Samsung,	1
go	1
with	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
Blackjack's.	1
The	1
Monster	1
actually	1
overpowered	1
it!!!	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
blue	1
tooth	1
headset.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
also	1
easier	1
to	1
get	1
on	1
than	1
my	1
last	1
plantronics	1
set	1
and	1
can	1
be	1
done	1
with	1
one	1
hand.	1
THAT	1
one	1
didn't	1
work	1
either.	1
0	1
One	1
real	1
crappy	1
phone	1
except	1
for	1
the	1
looks..	1
Hi,I	1
recently	1
bought	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
phones	1
from	1
the	1
Amazon	1
store.	1
No	1
problems.	1
I've	1
had	1
others	1
that	1
just	1
didnt	1
work	1
the	1
same	1
and	1
paid	1
a	1
lot	1
more!!!!	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
real	1
good.	1
1	1
Returned	1
8	1
hours	1
later.	1
0	1
I	1
noticed	1
a	1
slight	1
buzzing	1
sound	1
coming	1
from	1
the	1
charger	1
and	1
it	1
got	1
really	1
hot.	1
It's	1
a	1
great	1
item.	1
1	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money!.	1
0	1
Love	1
this	1
headset!	1
1	1
Most	1
annoying	1
is	1
the	1
4	1
emails	1
I've	1
written	1
to	1
the	1
supplier	1
that	1
were	1
ignored.	1
This	1
has	1
caused	1
problems	1
as	1
I	1
only	1
get	1
one	1
to	1
two	1
bars	1
in	1
my	1
home.	1
It	1
follows	1
very	1
nicely	1
with	1
my	1
"casually	1
play	1
with	1
settings	1
until	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
read	1
manual"	1
attitude	1
with	1
electronics.	1
I	1
have	1
use	1
this	1
holster	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
a	1
year.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
it's	1
because	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
Razr	1
phone,	1
but	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
echo	1
or	1
any	1
problems	1
at	1
all.	1
Not	1
only	1
will	1
it	1
drain	1
your	1
player,	1
but	1
may	1
also	1
potentially	1
fry	1
it.	1
0	1
(Callers	1
go	1
straight	1
to	1
voicemail).	1
BlueAnt	1
BA-SUPERTOOTH3	1
Bluetooth	1
Handsfree	1
(Black)Connection	1
with	1
mobile	1
phone	1
almost	1
instantaneous,	1
speaker	1
works	1
well.	1
Download	1
this,	1
line	1
up	1
the	1
PDA	1
like	1
that,	1
blah	1
blah	1
blah,	1
inferior	1
keys.	1
Worked	1
perfectly!	1
1	1
Nice	1
but	1
heavy.	1
Well,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
any	1
of	1
the	1
mobile	1
products	1
I	1
have	1
including	1
my	1
laption,	1
cell	1
phone,	1
and	1
MP3	1
player.	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
home	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
download	1
them	1
from	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
no	1
success	1
(no,	1
I	1
didn't	1
read	1
the	1
manual	1
very	1
well	1
the	1
first	1
day!).	1
Volume	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
bit	1
higher,	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
use	1
the	1
earhook,	1
going	1
to	1
try	1
eargels	1
and	1
will	1
get	1
back	1
to	1
you	1
on	1
that.	1
Unreliable	1
-	1
I'm	1
giving	1
up.	1
0	1
The	1
i90c	1
boasts	1
a	1
sleek	1
new	1
look	1
without	1
sacrificing	1
functionality.	1
Typing	1
in	1
a	1
phone	1
number	1
to	1
call	1
is	1
slow.	1
I	1
gave	1
it	1
5	1
stars	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
sound	1
quality.	1
1	1
cameras	1
on	1
cell	1
phones	1
have	1
gotten	1
crazy,	1
and	1
the	1
public	1
has	1
gotten	1
even	1
crazier	1
with	1
its	1
expectations.	1
Avoid	1
this	1
one	1
if	1
you	1
can.	1
0	1
Works	1
great,	1
long	1
charge.	1
Jabra	1
might	1
be	1
phasing	1
them	1
out,	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
headset	1
for	1
the	1
reasons	1
above.	1
This	1
pouch	1
is	1
well	1
designed,	1
allowing	1
the	1
antenna	1
to	1
protrude	1
and	1
permitting	1
the	1
blinking	1
signal	1
light	1
to	1
be	1
visible	1
when	1
the	1
cover	1
is	1
closed.	1
You	1
can't	1
go	1
wrong.	1
Order	1
another	1
from	1
a	1
different	1
web	1
site,	1
and	1
it	1
worked.	1
Amazon	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
place	1
to	1
buy	1
these	1
as	1
we	1
could	1
not	1
find	1
them	1
in	1
traditional	1
stores	1
like	1
Best	1
Buy	1
et	1
al.	1
Replace	1
Item.	1
Phone	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
hard	1
to	1
open	1
without	1
using	1
two	1
hands	1
I	1
will	1
keep	1
this	1
short	1
and	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.Its	1
great	1
for	1
taking	1
pictures	1
the	1
pictures	1
come	1
out	1
so	1
clear.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
scala-500	1
for	1
my	1
treo	1
650	1
(Cingular)	1
phone	1
and	1
was	1
rather	1
disappointed.	1
Have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
year	1
but	1
didn't	1
use	1
it	1
much	1
(got	1
a	1
better	1
phone	1
then	1
switched	1
back	1
when	1
it	1
was	1
stolen).	1
Reversible	1
plug	1
works	1
great.	1
1	1
I	1
wasted	1
my	1
little	1
money	1
with	1
this	1
earpiece.	1
0	1
The	1
features	1
are	1
extremely	1
simple	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
learn,	1
so	1
I	1
found	1
myself	1
using	1
the	1
unit	1
with	1
ease	1
in	1
no	1
time.	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
phone,	1
because	1
my	1
phone	1
had	1
a	1
smaller	1
plug	1
and	1
vendor	1
did	1
not	1
show	1
good	1
pic	1
or	1
description	1
If	1
you're	1
a	1
former	1
Palm	1
PDA	1
user,	1
you'll	1
hate	1
this	1
as	1
a	1
PDA	1
(and	1
probably	1
as	1
a	1
phone	1
as	1
well).	1
Very	1
good	1
phone.	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
small	1
enough	1
to	1
put	1
in	1
your	1
pocket	1
or	1
purse.	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
idea	1
that	1
they	1
made	1
this	1
in	1
different	1
sizes.	1
I	1
don't	1
remember	1
anything	1
that	1
showed	1
me	1
the	1
product	1
was	1
new,	1
which	1
is	1
what	1
I	1
wanted.	1
Best	1
of	1
all	1
is	1
the	1
rotating	1
feature,	1
very	1
helpful.	1
1	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
blue	1
tooth	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
ever	1
purchased.	1
Comfort	1
for	1
our	1
whole	1
family.	1
1	1
Good	1
product,	1
good	1
seller.	1
1	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
bluetooth!	1
1	1
First	1
of	1
all,	1
it	1
doesn't	1
wear	1
well.	1
0	1
I	1
polished	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
minutes	1
and	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
scratches	1
were	1
gone.	1
The	1
charging	1
was	1
complete	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
an	1
hour	1
and	1
should	1
fully	1
charge	1
from	1
"empty"	1
within	1
2	1
hours.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
small	1
phone,	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
take	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
room.	1
Don't	1
move	1
you	1
phone	1
or	1
the	1
connection	1
will	1
be	1
broken.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
headset	1
from	1
Plantronics.	1
1	1
I	1
did	1
this	1
morning,	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
the	1
postage.	1
It	1
cost	1
me	1
like	1
$200.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Razor	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
years	1
now	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
go	1
through	1
a	1
new	1
case	1
every	1
four	1
or	1
five	1
months.	1
This	1
DLO	1
case	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
horizontal	1
case.	1
Go	1
to	1
Control	1
Panel	1
on	1
the	1
N8002.	1
Using	1
HS850	1
with	1
Moto	1
E815	1
and	1
loving	1
it.	1
Luckily	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
and	1
get	1
another	1
one	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
within	1
30	1
days.	1
The	1
T610	1
Phone	1
gets	1
5	1
stars,	1
T-Mobile	1
gets	1
4	1
only	1
for	1
lack	1
of	1
coverage.	1
H700	1
Blue	1
Tooth.	1
I	1
believe	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
knock-off	1
product	1
even	1
thought	1
they	1
use	1
the	1
Motorola	1
model	1
number	1
and	1
logo	1
on	1
the	1
pouch.	1
Inexpensive	1
and	1
Functional.	1
I'm	1
the	1
original	1
poster	1
Denise	1
who	1
reviewed	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
I'm	1
re-writing	1
my	1
original	1
review.	1
This	1
looks	1
like	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
really	1
great	1
screen	1
protector,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
too	1
big	1
for	1
the	1
L7C's	1
screen.	1
The	1
second	1
phone	1
does	1
not	1
receive	1
any	1
signal	1
at	1
all.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
manufacture	1
date	1
on	1
this	1
new	1
battery,	1
so	1
it's	1
probably	1
just	1
as	1
old	1
as	1
my	1
other	1
one.	1
The	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
sound	1
of	1
the	1
earpiece	1
speaker,	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
and	1
the	1
ringer	1
are	1
simply	1
the	1
worst	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
encountered.	1
The	1
keys	1
are	1
large	1
enough	1
to	1
type	1
easily,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
full	1
5	1
row	1
keyboard.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
to	1
my	1
Verizon	1
store	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
NEW	1
one	1
with	1
this	1
month's	1
date	1
code.Amazon,	1
WHY	1
would	1
you	1
do	1
this?	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
small	1
and	1
adorable.	1
1	1
Great	1
phone!.	1
1	1
one	1
worked	1
for	1
one	1
conversation	1
only	1
when	1
I	1
applied	1
pressure	1
to	1
the	1
jack,	1
after	1
that	1
nothing	1
worked.	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
camera	1
works	1
fine.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
buying	1
this	1
product.	1
0	1
Leather	1
Fanny	1
Pack.	1
I	1
would	1
purchase	1
a	1
different	1
brand	1
next	1
time.	1
When	1
this	1
did	1
not	1
fix	1
it,	1
they	1
said	1
they	1
will	1
ship	1
the	1
new	1
headset	1
and	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
old	1
headset	1
within	1
30	1
days	1
for	1
the	1
exchange	1
to	1
be	1
free.	1
There	1
are	1
other	1
cards	1
that	1
are	1
much	1
better.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
thing	1
to	1
keep	1
in	1
your	1
car	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
change	1
it	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
works	1
in	1
an	1
ordinary	1
older	1
top	1
loading	1
cassette	1
player.	1
I'd	1
be	1
done	1
with	1
that	1
seller	1
once	1
and	1
for	1
all.	1
Piece	1
of	1
Junk.	1
0	1
Poorly	1
contstruct	1
hinge.	1
0	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
great,	1
installed	1
it,	1
let	1
it	1
charged	1
up	1
overnite	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
working	1
good	1
every	1
since	1
with	1
no	1
problems	1
1	1
Sought	1
it	1
out	1
on	1
a	1
friend's	1
recommendation.	1
Didn't	1
look	1
exactly	1
"new"	1
as	1
it	1
was	1
in	1
a	1
little	1
ziplock	1
bag.	1
Great	1
Phone.	1
1	1
There's	1
practically	1
nothing	1
to	1
grip.	1
conversations	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
now	1
without	1
dropping	1
calls.	1
My	1
family	1
is	1
very	1
hard	1
on	1
earpieces	1
and	1
we've	1
broken	1
units	1
from	1
several	1
manufacturers	1
including	1
Bluespoon,	1
Logitech,	1
Motorola,	1
Plantronics	1
and	1
Scala.	1
I	1
switched	1
from	1
Cingular	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
ridiculous	1
surcharges	1
and	1
improper	1
billing	1
I	1
was	1
constantly	1
faced	1
with.	1
It	1
does	1
increase	1
safety	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
I	1
was	1
also	1
told	1
that	1
prolonged	1
use	1
of	1
this	1
battery	1
will	1
ultimately	1
damage	1
the	1
phone.	1
well	1
lucky	1
my	1
girl	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
next	1
may	1
so	1
i	1
don't	1
think	1
it	1
will	1
be	1
another	1
samsung	1
cheap	1
phone.	1
This	1
battery	1
is	1
for	1
that	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
so	1
glad	1
to	1
find	1
it	1
available	1
on	1
Amazon.	1
Wound	1
up	1
getting	1
a	1
replacement	1
battery	1
from	1
Radio	1
Shack	1
which	1
is	1
probably	1
what	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
done	1
from	1
the	1
start,	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
competitive.	1
I	1
have	1
vista	1
so	1
this	1
is	1
no	1
good.	1
Great	1
phone.	1
The	1
computer	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
shut	1
off	1
and	1
restarted	1
each	1
time,	1
but	1
when	1
it's	1
updated	1
it	1
works	1
terrific!	1
Not	1
so	1
good	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
crowded,	1
noisy	1
or	1
windy	1
location.	1
Select	1
'Generic	1
105-key	1
PC'4.	1
Very	1
nice,	1
but	1
buggy	1
device.	1
I	1
find	1
that	1
it	1
works	1
fine	1
if	1
you	1
follow	1
the	1
instructions.	1
Dropped	1
calls	1
-	1
I've	1
owned	1
three	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
Sanyo	1
phones	1
for	1
Sprint.	1
However,	1
for	1
iPhone	1
users,	1
beware,	1
no	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
work	1
for	1
music	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
iphone	1
software.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
because	1
I	1
had	1
just	1
bought	1
a	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
phone	1
and	1
had	1
trouble	1
hearing	1
the	1
phone.	1
Great	1
looking	1
not	1
fuctional	1
they	1
need	1
to	1
add	1
support	1
to	1
the	1
bottom	1
of	1
the	1
case	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
slip	1
off.	1
It	1
seems	1
that	1
Motorola	1
is	1
just	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
out	1
of	1
fixing	1
or	1
replacing	1
the	1
phone	1
free	1
of	1
charge	1
under	1
warranty.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
it.	1
0	1
Refused	1
to	1
refund	1
or	1
replace	1
even	1
though	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
CLEARLY	1
defective.	1
Excellent	1
Phone.	1
1	1
DO	1
NOT	1
PURCHASE	1
THIS	1
PHONE.	1
0	1
However	1
the	1
LG6000	1
camera	1
is	1
really,	1
really	1
bad,	1
especially	1
at	1
night.	1
I'm	1
glad	1
to	1
be	1
using	1
a	1
legacey	1
device	1
because	1
I	1
know	1
you	1
can't	1
find	1
ipod	1
batteries	1
this	1
cheap!	1
Nokia	1
N800	1
will	1
display	1
'Think	1
Outside	1
Keyboard'11.	1
The	1
voice	1
recognition	1
thru	1
the	1
handset	1
is	1
excellent.	1
1	1
The	1
company	1
where	1
I	1
work	1
has	1
people	1
that	1
abuse	1
and	1
break	1
theirs	1
leather	1
cases.	1
This	1
is	1
hands	1
down	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
I've	1
ever	1
had.	1
1	1
Even	1
though	1
my	1
primary	1
use	1
is	1
a	1
phone,	1
I	1
still	1
need	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
PDA/organizer.	1
The	1
shipping	1
was	1
quick.	1
Works	1
great,	1
when	1
my	1
cat	1
attacked	1
the	1
phone	1
he	1
scratched	1
the	1
protective	1
strip	1
instead	1
of	1
destroying	1
the	1
screen.	1
1	1
The	1
flap	1
will	1
pop	1
open.I	1
need	1
to	1
get	1
another	1
case.	1
I	1
kept	1
the	1
Bose	1
for	1
the	1
office.I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Motorola	1
S805,	1
basically	1
out	1
of	1
sheer	1
desperation.	1
This	1
one	1
works	1
and	1
was	1
priced	1
right.	1
1	1
basically	1
a	1
pro	1
is	1
that	1
it's	1
a	1
cellphone3.	1
Oh	1
yeah,	1
It	1
seemed	1
as	1
if	1
one	1
of	1
them	1
was	1
already	1
used	1
or	1
at	1
least	1
tried.	1
With	1
this	1
tiny	1
fix,	1
you	1
will	1
definitely	1
have	1
the	1
best	1
looking,	1
best	1
performing,	1
and	1
best	1
fitting	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
out	1
there.	1
And	1
where's	1
the	1
ZOOM???	1
I	1
tried	1
several	1
other	1
inexpensive	1
phones	1
but	1
the	1
clarity	1
was	1
not	1
there.	1
If	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
be	1
tethered	1
to	1
a	1
wire,	1
I	1
would	1
just	1
use	1
a	1
land	1
line...	1
Four	1
months	1
later	1
(yesterday)	1
headset	1
number	1
two	1
died	1
in	1
the	1
same	1
way	1
number	1
one	1
gave	1
up	1
the	1
ghost.	1
Customer	1
service	1
was	1
terrible.	1
0	1
I	1
was	1
promised	1
credit	1
minus	1
a	1
10%	1
restocking	1
fee	1
IF	1
AND	1
ONLY	1
IF	1
I	1
wrote	1
a	1
review	1
favorable	1
to	1
the	1
seller,	1
which	1
I	1
did.	1
Lost	1
this	1
one	1
on	1
a	1
ride	1
at	1
Disney	1
World.	1
Battery	1
life	1
still	1
not	1
long	1
enough	1
in	1
Motorola	1
Razor	1
V3i.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
need	1
a	1
quick	1
&	1
cheap	1
replacement	1
battery,	1
this	1
would	1
be	1
the	1
way	1
to	1
go.	1
The	1
sound	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
is	1
not	1
that	1
great,	1
either,	1
though	1
I'm	1
willing	1
to	1
trade	1
that	1
off	1
if	1
my	1
caller	1
says	1
it	1
sounds	1
ok.	1
The	1
ad	1
for	1
it	1
sounded	1
good.	1
Well,	1
I	1
lost	1
the	1
phone	1
yesterday	1
and	1
believe	1
it	1
or	1
not,	1
I	1
was	1
SOOO	1
happy	1
to	1
lose	1
it.	1
And	1
the	1
user	1
interface	1
really	1
makes	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
sense	1
once	1
you've	1
figured	1
out	1
all	1
the	1
shortcuts	1
and	1
stuff.	1
So	1
as	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
Cingular	1
phone	1
(highly	1
recommended),	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
old	1
number	1
switched	1
to	1
my	1
new	1
number.	1
There's	1
a	1
joint	1
between	1
the	1
main	1
body	1
of	1
the	1
unit	1
and	1
the	1
panel	1
with	1
the	1
buttons	1
on	1
it	1
which	1
has	1
come	1
apart	1
on	1
all	1
three	1
units	1
I've	1
tried.	1
I	1
tried	1
the	1
charger	1
and	1
USB	1
cable	1
on	1
3	1
different	1
Samsung	1
phones.	1
Sending	1
it	1
back.	1
0	1
Now	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
I	1
made	1
a	1
wise	1
decision.	1
1	1
The	1
one	1
thing	1
that	1
is	1
annoying,	1
which	1
other	1
buyers	1
have	1
noticed,	1
is	1
a	1
tendency	1
to	1
reset	1
itself.	1
It's	1
a	1
wire	1
that	1
you	1
plug	1
into	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
your	1
car	1
stereo.	1
Someone	1
shouldve	1
invented	1
this	1
sooner.	1
1	1
Good	1
price.	1
1	1
Everything	1
worked	1
on	1
the	1
first	1
try.The	1
device	1
was	1
certainly	1
engineered	1
in	1
a	1
clever	1
way	1
and	1
the	1
construction	1
feels	1
good.	1
1	1
I	1
still	1
find	1
the	1
processor	1
to	1
be	1
annoying	1
and	1
T-Mobile's	1
coverage	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
best.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
poor	1
as	1
well...the	1
headsets	1
will	1
go	1
back	1
to	1
vzw..	1
The	1
only	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
unit	1
is	1
uncomfortable	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
after	1
a	1
wearing	1
for	1
a	1
short	1
time.	1
Alltel	1
has	1
apparently	1
not	1
disabled	1
this	1
to	1
the	1
extent	1
that	1
others	1
have.	1
A	1
different	1
iGo	1
recharger	1
model	1
($70-$100)	1
for	1
laptops	1
is	1
available	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
also	1
power	1
other	1
electronic	1
gadgets.	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
quickly	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great!!	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
cable	1
included	1
in	1
the	1
kit	1
but	1
does	1
not	1
include	1
the	1
software.	1
Has	1
been	1
working	1
great.	1
1	1
decent	1
phone	1
but	1
gets	1
very	1
poor	1
reception.	1
As	1
many	1
people	1
complained,	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
headset's	1
microphone	1
was	1
very	1
weak.	1
0	1
Hello	1
Moto?...	1
Suggestion.	1
My	1
5-year	1
old	1
Nokia	1
2160	1
from	1
Tracfone	1
holds	1
the	1
charge	1
a	1
lot	1
better	1
than	1
this.	1
0	1
It's	1
small,	1
ergonomically	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
aesthetically	1
pleasing.	1
I	1
suspect	1
the	1
seller	1
was	1
selling	1
it	1
as	1
new	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
used	1
and	1
they	1
won't	1
take	1
it	1
back.	1
They	1
do	1
not	1
care	1
about	1
the	1
consumer	1
one	1
bit.	1
0	1
It's	1
what	1
it	1
says.	1
i	1
would	1
recommend	1
u	1
get	1
it	1
.i	1
am	1
getting	1
my	1
next	1
fone	1
in	1
april,	1
and	1
i	1
am	1
looking	1
at	1
the	1
LG	1
chocolate	1
and	1
the	1
EnV.	1
The	1
Box	1
is	1
no	1
good	1
without	1
software.	1
The	1
phone	1
does	1
charge,	1
but	1
that	1
is	1
all.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
battery,	1
and	1
it	1
got	1
here	1
really	1
fast.	1
1	1
The	1
instruction	1
manual	1
is	1
lacking.	1
0	1
This	1
morning,	1
I	1
flipped	1
open	1
the	1
mic	1
and	1
put	1
the	1
thing	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
If	1
all	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
do	1
is	1
talk	1
and	1
text,	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
for	1
you.	1
keep	1
it	1
cool!	1
Really	1
brand	1
new	1
when	1
i	1
got	1
it.	1
Great	1
little	1
phone,	1
although	1
pricey.	1
Random,	1
next	1
track,	1
etc.,	1
all	1
from	1
the	1
factory	1
radio	1
controls!	1
Bet	1
they	1
won't	1
ever	1
offer	1
this	1
item	1
as	1
described	1
foe	1
$14.99.	1
Also	1
its	1
slim	1
enough	1
to	1
fit	1
into	1
my	1
alarm	1
clock	1
docking	1
station	1
without	1
removing	1
the	1
case.	1
1	1
Well,	1
soon	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
it	1
was	1
this	1
stupid	1
cord,	1
not	1
my	1
ipod!	1
They	1
only	1
allow	1
you	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
another	1
of	1
the	1
same	1
in	1
return.	1
Phone	1
now	1
holds	1
charge	1
like	1
it	1
did	1
when	1
it	1
was	1
new.	1
1	1
No	1
static	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
and	1
no	1
one	1
I	1
ever	1
talk	1
to	1
has	1
any	1
complaints,	1
either.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
T-509	1
it	1
just	1
doesn't	1
work..	1
the	1
only	1
thing	1
it	1
does	1
is	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
which	1
i	1
really	1
don't	1
need	1
it	1
to	1
do.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
unreliable	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
service	1
use	1
antena.	1
0	1
I	1
suspect	1
that	1
the	1
battery	1
was	1
reconditioned	1
rather	1
than	1
new.	1
I	1
recall	1
reading	1
another	1
headset's	1
package	1
(Plantronics	1
or	1
Motorola?)	1
When	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
for	1
exchange,	1
the	1
saleperson	1
said	1
that's	1
typical	1
of	1
this	1
headset,	1
and	1
only	1
from	1
Motorola.	1
It's	1
uncomfortable	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
quite	1
poor	1
compared	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
(Razr)	1
or	1
with	1
my	1
previous	1
wired	1
headset	1
(that	1
plugged	1
into	1
an	1
LG).	1
0	1
Not	1
only	1
did	1
it	1
quit	1
working	1
properly	1
after	1
one	1
week.	1
Makes	1
it	1
quite	1
reasonable	1
to	1
pay	1
25	1
cents/minute	1
for	1
your	1
first	1
10	1
minutes	1
of	1
the	1
day	1
and	1
just	1
10	1
cents/minute	1
thereafter.	1
I	1
tried	1
4	1
phones	1
and	1
felt	1
noise	1
in	1
all	1
the	1
phones.The	1
one	1
I	1
bought	1
had	1
noise	1
level	1
quite	1
high	1
and	1
was	1
problem	1
with	1
talking	1
on	1
phone.	1
I	1
wasted	1
so	1
much	1
money	1
going	1
through	1
so	1
many	1
different	1
chargers!	1
We	1
have	1
gotten	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
compliments	1
on	1
it.	1
1	1
Nokia	1
Data	1
Cables.	1
This	1
is	1
definitely	1
a	1
must	1
have	1
if	1
your	1
state	1
does	1
not	1
allow	1
cell	1
phone	1
usage	1
while	1
driving.	1
1	1
I	1
want	1
my	1
money	1
back.	1
0	1
Nice	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
device.	1
1	1
Product	1
arrived	1
without	1
a	1
battery	1
-	1
make	1
sure	1
you	1
order	1
one	1
separately	1
and	1
don't	1
take	1
anything	1
for	1
granted!	1
It	1
can	1
go	1
anywhere	1
just	1
like	1
up	1
phone	1
or	1
iPOD!	1
Range	1
is	1
at	1
least	1
as	1
advertised.	1
The	1
problem	1
is	1
that	1
since	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
slider	1
phone	1
these	1
clips	1
make	1
it	1
impossible	1
to	1
actually	1
open	1
the	1
fun.	1
Sport	1
Lanyard.	1
cellphone	1
accessories.	1
(Turns	1
out	1
the	1
travel	1
mouse	1
is	1
on	1
major	1
--	1
couple	1
month	1
--	1
back	1
order.)	1
Sorry	1
to	1
say'	1
'	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
product	1
from	1
Amazon	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
recieved	1
over	1
the	1
years	1
that	1
didn't	1
work.	1
I	1
am	1
also	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
price.	1
1	1
The	1
fast	1
forward	1
and	1
rewind	1
capabilities	1
are	1
not	1
implemented	1
in	1
the	1
iPhone	1
so	1
this	1
will	1
not	1
work	1
using	1
any	1
headphones.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
product	1
first	1
and	1
was	1
unhappy	1
with	1
it	1
immediately.	1
0	1
The	1
Ngage	1
is	1
still	1
lacking	1
in	1
earbuds.	1
0	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
do	1
voice	1
dialing	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
with	1
no	1
problem.	1
1	1
Old	1
dog,	1
etc.	1
Doesn't	1
fit	1
Blackberry	1
8330.	1
NEXTEL	1
BOOST	1
PHONE.	1
Seems	1
Like	1
a	1
Used	1
Battery.	1
Each	1
time	1
I	1
called	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
it	1
was	1
being	1
investigated	1
with	1
their	1
highest	1
priority.	1
I	1
have	1
2-3	1
bars	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
home,	1
but	1
you	1
cant	1
not	1
hear	1
anything.	1
0	1
good	1
item,	1
low	1
price.	1
1	1
The	1
question	1
you	1
may	1
be	1
asking	1
is	1
why	1
did	1
I	1
not	1
address	1
this	1
with	1
the	1
shipper,	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
today	1
....	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
So	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
more	1
of	1
a	1
case	1
which	1
the	1
phone	1
could	1
slip	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
off	1
for	1
my	1
next	1
case...	1
this	1
has	1
worked	1
out	1
well	1
so	1
far.	1
However-the	1
riingtones	1
are	1
not	1
the	1
best,	1
and	1
neither	1
are	1
the	1
games.	1
0	1
The	1
plug	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
very	1
well.	1
0	1
Again,	1
it's	1
not	1
a	1
games	1
machine.The	1
UI	1
is	1
easy	1
and	1
intuitive	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
I've	1
grown	1
fond	1
of	1
the	1
wheel	1
for	1
doing	1
menu	1
selections.	1
Besides,	1
the	1
blue	1
is	1
cool	1
so	1
why	1
hid	1
it.	1
I	1
feel	1
it	1
is	1
too	1
wide.	1
AMAZON	1
SUCKS.	1
0	1
It	1
lists	1
many	1
phones	1
that	1
this	1
charger	1
is	1
compatible	1
with	1
but	1
I	1
saw	1
no	1
listing	1
for	1
Samsung	1
A900.	1
They	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
phone,	1
since	1
it	1
was	1
under	1
warranty.	1
not	1
doing	1
its	1
purpose.	1
Rip	1
off----	1
Over	1
charge	1
shipping.	1
0	1
VERY	1
comfortable.	1
1	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
5	1
star	1
phone,	1
as	1
most	1
Sanyo	1
phones	1
are.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
working	1
well	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
the	1
original	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
over	1
2	1
years	1
ago.	1
1	1
Data	1
cable	1
for	1
Razor	1
3VM.	1
I	1
dont	1
care	1
enough	1
to	1
go	1
get	1
new	1
ones.	1
Less	1
problems.	1
I'm	1
considering	1
the	1
super	1
glue	1
solution.My	1
head	1
is	1
rather	1
large	1
and	1
they	1
haven't	1
hurt	1
my	1
ears	1
or	1
head	1
at	1
all.	1
This	1
one	1
like	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
works	1
OK	1
when	1
new	1
but	1
gets	1
worse	1
as	1
you	1
use	1
it.	1
I	1
really	1
wanted	1
to	1
like	1
this	1
phone.	1
It	1
has	1
cushions	1
to	1
protect	1
your	1
phone/device	1
so	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
get	1
scratched.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
excellent!	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Nokia	1
E61i	1
phone.	1
I	1
saw	1
that	1
this	1
new	1
vendor	1
was	1
selling	1
them	1
for	1
under	1
$70.	1
It	1
fits	1
comfortably	1
in	1
either	1
ear,	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
loud,	1
and	1
the	1
charge	1
lasts	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days.	1
1	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
listened	1
to	1
other	1
reviews.	1
No	1
more	1
wires	1
and	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
practicality.	1
very	1
clear,	1
quality	1
sound	1
and	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
mess	1
with	1
the	1
sound	1
on	1
your	1
iPod	1
since	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
sound	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
headset.	1
1	1
I	1
actually	1
borrowed	1
someones	1
Cardo	1
500	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
withmy	1
Treo	1
700	1
just	1
fine.	1
1.	1
long	1
lasting	1
battery	1
(you	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
recharge	1
it	1
as	1
frequentyly	1
as	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
flip	1
phones)2.	1
0	1
IT	1
THE	1
BEST"	1
Recently,	1
I	1
have	1
played	1
with	1
Sony/Ericson,	1
PalmOne,	1
Nokia	1
and	1
Samsung	1
phones,	1
and	1
must	1
say	1
the	1
Motorola	1
sounds	1
best.	1
Obviously	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
adhesive.	1
0	1
Very	1
disappointing.	1
0	1
i	1
think	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
easier	1
to	1
have	1
your	1
palm	1
piolt	1
stolen	1
as	1
well.	1
It	1
was	1
an	1
inexpensive	1
piece,	1
but	1
I	1
would	1
still	1
have	1
expected	1
better	1
quality.	1
0	1
Paid	1
somebody	1
to	1
do	1
the	1
update,and	1
it	1
was	1
worth	1
then	1
before.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
prepaid	1
plan	1
from	1
hsn.com.	1
Wrong	1
color;	1
wrong	1
back	1
cutouts	1
for	1
Verizon	1
Pearl.	1
TThe	1
different	1
positions	1
are	1
a	1
bonus	1
too.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Motorola	1
9q.	1
wire	1
deattached	1
agian.	1
It	1
is	1
practically	1
useless	1
and	1
did	1
not	1
add	1
any	1
kind	1
of	1
boost	1
to	1
my	1
reception	1
after	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
0	1
Yeah,	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
killing	1
before	1
but	1
now	1
its	1
pretty	1
affordable.	1
When	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
recharge	1
my	1
phone,	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
message	1
tellingme	1
it	1
was	1
an	1
unauthorized	1
charger.	1
Excellent	1
sound	1
quality.	1
1	1
and	1
acts	1
the	1
part	1
of	1
a	1
premium	1
phone.	1
Very	1
little.	1
Was	1
not	1
happy.	1
0	1
A	1
PIECE	1
OF	1
JUNK	1
THAT	1
BROKE	1
AFTER	1
BEING	1
ON	1
MY	1
PHONE	1
FOR	1
2	1
DAYS!!!	1
0	1
New	1
Battery	1
works	1
great	1
in	1
phone.	1
1	1
The	1
car	1
charger	1
does	1
so	1
I	1
guess	1
it's	1
not	1
a	1
total	1
loss.	1
Worst	1
customer	1
service.	1
0	1
Pieces	1
stick	1
out	1
and	1
don't	1
allow	1
a	1
sung	1
fit.	1
THIS	1
PHONE	1
IS	1
NOT	1
GREAT!	1
I've	1
dropped	1
my	1
phone	1
more	1
times	1
than	1
I	1
can	1
say,	1
even	1
on	1
concrete	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
still	1
great	1
(knock	1
on	1
wood!).	1
1	1
Every	1
chocolate	1
owner	1
should	1
try	1
this	1
item.	1
This	1
wireless	1
headset	1
is	1
a	1
wonderful	1
solution	1
for	1
hands	1
free	1
cell	1
phone	1
communication.	1
Reception	1
is	1
terrible	1
and	1
full	1
of	1
static.	1
0	1
Good	1
audio	1
quality.	1
1	1
Does	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
do!.	1
This	1
little	1
device	1
has	1
transformed	1
my	1
organizational	1
capability	1
and	1
made	1
my	1
life	1
a	1
whole	1
lot	1
easier.	1
1	1
At	1
the	1
default	1
setting	1
with	1
moderate	1
vulume	1
setting,	1
wearing	1
full-face	1
helmets	1
the	1
wife	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
communicate	1
with	1
no	1
problem	1
up	1
to	1
45mph.	1
I	1
was	1
sitting	1
in	1
my	1
vehicle,	1
with	1
the	1
cradle	1
on	1
my	1
belt,	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
lost	1
signal.	1
0	1
For	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
price,	1
should	1
be	1
Leather.	1
I	1
did	1
install	1
the	1
latest	1
AT&T;	1
ROM	1
update	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
lasts	1
me	1
almost	1
2	1
days	1
(without	1
e-mail	1
and	1
internet	1
use).It	1
does	1
feel	1
a	1
bit	1
bulky	1
to	1
me.	1
Were	1
JERKS	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
0	1
Fast	1
&	1
Simple.	1
This	1
LG	1
head	1
set	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
durable	1
piece	1
of	1
equipment	1
that	1
doubles	1
as	1
a	1
2.5	1
to	1
3.5	1
converter.	1
It	1
was	1
OK	1
but	1
not	1
what	1
I	1
expected.	1
Works	1
like	1
a	1
charm..	1
Works	1
as	1
advertised.	1
1	1
Comfortable,	1
Nice	1
Range,	1
Good	1
Battery	1
Life.	1
1	1
Their	1
network	1
coverage	1
in	1
Los	1
Angeles	1
is	1
horrible.	1
0	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
a	1
family	1
member	1
on	1
my	1
calling	1
plan.	1
Stylus	1
replacement.	1
Excellent	1
starter	1
wireless	1
headset.	1
0	1
The	1
loudspeaker	1
option	1
is	1
great,	1
the	1
bumpers	1
with	1
the	1
lights	1
is	1
very	1
...	1
appealing.	1
0	1
Clarity	1
is	1
second	1
to	1
none	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
echo.	1
It	1
still	1
has	1
very	1
poor	1
quality	1
in	1
windy	1
environments,	1
but	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
of	1
a	1
set	1
that	1
doesn't.Now	1
the	1
bad.	1
When	1
I	1
search	1
Nokia's	1
website	1
there	1
inn't	1
a	1
NOKIA	1
BLD-3R	1
battery,	1
only	1
a	1
NOKIA	1
BLD-3.	1
My	1
family	1
has	1
four	1
of	1
these	1
phones	1
on	1
a	1
two	1
year	1
plan,	1
purchased	1
new.	1
It	1
attracted	1
every	1
piece	1
of	1
dust	1
or	1
dirt	1
it	1
came	1
in	1
contact	1
with.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
that	1
I	1
think	1
could	1
improve	1
is	1
the	1
sound	1
leaks	1
out	1
from	1
the	1
headset.	1
0	1
First	1
off	1
the	1
reception	1
sucks,	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
had	1
more	1
than	1
2	1
bars,	1
ever.	1
0	1
The	1
phone	1
gets	1
EXTREMELY	1
HOT!	1
0	1
It	1
reverses	1
the	1
polarity.Now	1
this	1
may	1
work	1
for	1
certain	1
cell	1
phones	1
headsets.	1
I	1
was	1
considering	1
t	1
mobile	1
but	1
my	1
friend	1
michelle	1
told	1
me	1
she	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
year,	1
hated	1
it,	1
switched	1
to	1
cingular	1
and	1
absolutely	1
loves	1
it.	1
Great	1
design	1
but	1
be	1
careful	1
when	1
first	1
using	1
it	1
with	1
an	1
Extended	1
Battery.	1
After	1
messing	1
around	1
with	1
it	1
for	1
2-3	1
weeks,	1
I	1
finally	1
just	1
sent	1
the	1
whole	1
thing	1
back.	1
Keeps	1
auto	1
reverse.	1
The	1
microphone	1
also	1
works	1
well,	1
but	1
(according	1
to	1
people	1
I	1
have	1
called)	1
it	1
applifies	1
everything.	1
1	1
Nice	1
design	1
and	1
quality.	1
1	1
It	1
does	1
what	1
it's	1
suppossed	1
to,	1
without	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
fuss.	1
I	1
have	1
net	1
searched	1
for	1
a	1
LOONG	1
time	1
for	1
a	1
decent	1
looking,	1
classy,	1
affordable	1
case.	1
Also,	1
if	1
your	1
phone	1
is	1
dropped,	1
this	1
case	1
is	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
save	1
it,	1
specially	1
when	1
dropped	1
face	1
down.	1
0	1
Wish	1
on/off	1
was	1
just	1
a	1
separate	1
switch.	1
I	1
was	1
easily	1
able	1
to	1
infrared	1
beam	1
my	1
contacts	1
from	1
both	1
my	1
Nokia	1
8290	1
and	1
my	1
Palm	1
Compatible	1
Sony	1
CLIE.	1
I	1
love	1
HP	1
and	1
always	1
have,	1
but	1
there	1
are	1
too	1
many	1
shortcomings.Pros:1.	1
It	1
is	1
light,	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
has	1
very	1
clear	1
reception	1
and	1
transmission.	1
1	1
The	1
665	1
stays	1
connected	1
more	1
frequently,	1
but	1
this	1
high-end	1
headset	1
sounds	1
like	1
crap	1
on	1
the	1
Treo.	1
bad	1
fit,	1
way	1
too	1
big.	1
0	1
Once	1
you	1
have	1
your	1
footage,	1
simply	1
dump	1
it	1
onto	1
your	1
computer	1
via	1
the	1
included	1
USB	1
cable.	1
And	1
then	1
the	1
phone	1
goes	1
into	1
"emergency	1
mode"	1
and	1
we're	1
unable	1
to	1
make	1
any	1
calls	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
need	1
tweezers	1
to	1
remove	1
it.	1
It	1
definitely	1
was	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
my	1
S11.	1
1	1
I	1
started	1
using	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
one	1
installed	1
by	1
the	1
manufacturer	1
and	1
then	1
tried	1
another	1
only	1
to	1
find	1
the	1
second	1
gave	1
me	1
more	1
volume	1
and	1
clarity.	1
awesome	1
device.	1
1	1
Waste	1
of	1
money.	1
0	1
I	1
had	1
ordered	1
a	1
motorola	1
data	1
cable,	1
got	1
a	1
very	1
well	1
finished	1
and	1
working	1
product.	1
1	1
Love	1
This	1
Phone.	1
1	1
Also,	1
it's	1
light	1
enough	1
that	1
you	1
immediately	1
forget	1
about	1
it	1
until	1
you	1
need	1
it.	1
I	1
bought	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
(one	1
for	1
me	1
and	1
the	1
other	1
for	1
my	1
sister);	1
we	1
both	1
didn't	1
like	1
them.	1
This	1
clip	1
was	1
designed	1
to	1
slide	1
into	1
the	1
mounting	1
bracket	1
of	1
the	1
Nokia	1
hands	1
free	1
car	1
kit	1
-	1
CARK-120.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
and	1
now	1
that	1
I've	1
got	1
it	1
I	1
couldn't	1
be	1
happier.	1
1	1
I'll	1
be	1
drivng	1
along,	1
and	1
my	1
headset	1
starts	1
ringing	1
for	1
no	1
reason.	1
0	1
Very	1
ethnical!!!	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
understand	1
the	1
differences	1
between	1
the	1
different	1
ear	1
hoops.	1
Display	1
is	1
excellent	1
and	1
camera	1
is	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
any	1
from	1
that	1
year.	1
1	1
ActiveSync	1
is	1
not	1
reliable	1
like	1
HotSync.	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
also	1
great!	1
1	1
(Which	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend,	1
it	1
drastically	1
increased	1
the	1
pressure	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
canal	1
and	1
it	1
felt	1
like	1
my	1
ear	1
drum	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
pop.	1
The	1
worst	1
phone	1
I've	1
ever	1
had....	1
Only	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
months.	1
0	1
It's	1
my	1
first	1
Nokia.	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
item..	1
It	1
worked	1
for	1
a	1
while	1
then	1
started	1
having	1
problems	1
in	1
my	1
auto	1
reverse	1
tape	1
player.	1
0	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
internet	1
sharing,	1
but	1
if	1
there's	1
wifi,	1
I	1
will	1
use	1
my	1
laptop	1
instead	1
of	1
sharing.	1
This	1
is	1
so	1
embarassing	1
and	1
also	1
my	1
ears	1
hurt	1
if	1
I	1
try	1
to	1
push	1
the	1
ear	1
plug	1
into	1
my	1
ear.	1
0	1
received	1
the	1
plantronics	1
voyager	1
510	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
that	1
was	1
said	1
to	1
be	1
new	1
but	1
only	1
the	1
ear	1
plugs	1
were	1
new.	1
After	1
many	1
call	1
and	1
after	1
three	1
months	1
they	1
changed	1
my	1
number.	1
Protects	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
all	1
sides.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
VERY	1
average	1
phone	1
with	1
bad	1
battery	1
life	1
that	1
operates	1
on	1
a	1
weak	1
network.	1
0	1
belt	1
holster.	1
If	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
already	1
juiced	1
up	1
a	1
bit,	1
charger	1
will	1
work	1
fine.	1
There's	1
also	1
a	1
smidge	1
of	1
space	1
on	1
either	1
side,	1
which	1
I	1
like.	1
Not	1
the	1
highest	1
quality	1
sound	1
(slight	1
hiss	1
or	1
white	1
noise	1
with	1
the	1
volume	1
up	1
fairly	1
high)	1
but	1
perfectly	1
fine	1
for	1
everyday	1
casual	1
use.	1
Wish	1
I	1
had	1
bought	1
more	1
as	1
backups!	1
Clear	1
Skype	1
Calls,	1
Long	1
Battery	1
Life,	1
Long	1
Range.	1
1	1
The	1
padded	1
vinyl	1
case	1
included	1
should	1
protect	1
while	1
traveling.	1
Quick	1
and	1
Cheap.	1
Did	1
even	1
last	1
24	1
hours.	1
Good	1
price,	1
Not	1
as	1
pictured.	1
It	1
was	1
just	1
all	1
my	1
speed	1
dials	1
and	1
call	1
group	1
contacts	1
were	1
gone	1
from	1
the	1
Phone	1
memory.	1
Soyo	1
technology	1
sucks.	1
0	1
The	1
"squeege"	1
they	1
give	1
you	1
is	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
cardboard	1
that	1
doesn't	1
really	1
do	1
anything.	1
I	1
called	1
Belkin	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
as	1
the	1
package	1
says	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
lifetime	1
guarantee.	1
Great	1
Hands	1
Free	1
Device.	1
1	1
extra	1
fail-safe	1
buttons.	1
There	1
are	1
no	1
cut-outs	1
for	1
the	1
buttons	1
and	1
also	1
no	1
cut-outs	1
at	1
the	1
corners	1
of	1
the	1
casing.What	1
happened?	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
one	1
it	1
won't	1
work.	1
you	1
can	1
even	1
take	1
self	1
portraits	1
with	1
the	1
outside	1
(exterior)	1
display,	1
very	1
cool.	1
1	1
there	1
you	1
were,	1
a	1
shimmering	1
artifact	1
of	1
technological	1
revolution.	1
Same	1
problem	1
as	1
others	1
have	1
mentioned.	1
0	1
After	1
trying	1
many	1
many	1
handsfree	1
gadgets	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
finally	1
works	1
well.	1
1	1
Magical	1
Help.	1
1	1
So,	1
I'm	1
in	1
the	1
market	1
for	1
bluetooth	1
headphones	1
once	1
more.	1
Also,	1
the	1
multimedia	1
phones	1
came	1
out	1
with	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
play	1
MP3s	1
from	1
the	1
memory	1
card,	1
which	1
this	1
phone	1
can	1
not	1
do.	1
The	1
worst	1
piece	1
of	1
crap	1
ever	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
Verizon	1
customer	1
service.	1
0	1
Let's	1
be	1
clear	1
only	1
one	1
side	1
works	1
although	1
it	1
says	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
for	1
this	1
phone.	1
In	1
control	1
panel	1
click	1
'Bluetooth'	1
(can	1
click	1
Pair	1
if	1
using	1
OS	1
2008)5.	1
Overall,	1
happy	1
with	1
charger.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
VM	1
Nokia	1
3	1
weeks	1
ago.	1
Poor	1
sound	1
quality.	1
0	1
Use	1
it	1
all	1
the	1
Time.	1
But	1
the	1
other	1
funny	1
thing	1
is,	1
you	1
can't	1
cancel	1
the	1
original	1
order	1
because	1
the	1
operation	1
keeps	1
timing	1
out	1
when	1
contacting	1
Amazon's	1
servers	1
again.	1
The	1
best	1
phone	1
in	1
market	1
:).	1
1	1
Guess	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
an	1
earpiece,	1
which	1
was	1
what	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
avoid	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
It	1
worked	1
very	1
well.	1
1	1
The	1
company	1
shipped	1
my	1
product	1
very	1
promptly	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
well.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
just	1
laminated	1
one	1
of	1
my	1
receipts	1
that	1
said	1
"lifetime	1
warranty"	1
so	1
the	1
lazer	1
print	1
wont	1
fade	1
and	1
the	1
receipt	1
stays	1
fresh.	1
The	1
original	1
review	1
with	1
its	1
criticism	1
still	1
stands	1
but	1
I	1
recently	1
tried	1
the	1
Sony-Erriccson	1
w300i	1
and	1
that	1
has	1
made	1
me	1
appreciate	1
this	1
phone	1
more.	1
Exactly	1
what	1
I	1
wanted.	1
1	1
My	1
advice	1
is	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
seller	1
that	1
will	1
include	1
both	1
in-home	1
and	1
in-car	1
chargers.Happy	1
hunting.	1
The	1
picture	1
resolution	1
is	1
far	1
below	1
what	1
other	1
comparably-priced	1
phones	1
are	1
offering	1
today.	1
0	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
deal.	1
1	1
Excellent	1
product,	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
the	1
purchase.	1
1	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
these	1
and	1
encourage	1
people	1
to	1
give	1
them	1
a	1
try.	1
1	1
not	1
like	1
the	1
photo	1
-	1
and	1
silence	1
from	1
the	1
seller.	1
Better	1
than	1
you'd	1
expect.	1
1	1
Good	1
design,	1
but	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
Nokia	1
3650.	1
Expensive.Full	1
user	1
opinionYes	1
it's	1
expensive	1
but	1
this	1
gadget	1
does	1
it	1
all.	1
Screen's	1
big	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
read.	1
Does	1
what	1
it	1
needs	1
to.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
v551.	1
Using	1
all	1
earpieces,	1
left	1
or	1
right,	1
this	1
thing	1
will	1
not	1
stay	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
0	1
The	1
only	1
negative	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
non-swivel	1
holster	1
any	1
more.	1
After	1
that,	1
you're	1
on	1
your	1
own.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
BlackBerry	1
Curve	1
8320	1
and	1
got	1
this	1
keyboard	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
the	1
device.	1
The	1
whole	1
point	1
of	1
a	1
smartphone	1
is	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
first.	1
This	1
is	1
no	1
biggie	1
for	1
me	1
since	1
I	1
never	1
browse	1
the	1
web	1
using	1
my	1
phone	1
How	1
on	1
Earth	1
can	1
you	1
be	1
charged	1
the	1
full	1
price	1
that	1
you	1
pay	1
every	1
month	1
for	1
only	1
20	1
extra	1
minutes	1
that	1
you	1
NEVER	1
agreed	1
to	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
It	1
is	1
loud	1
enough	1
through	1
the	1
case.	1
Great	1
product	1
and	1
price.	1
1	1
Sounds	1
good	1
reasonably	1
priced	1
and	1
effective,	1
Its	1
that	1
simple	1
!	1
1	1
Then	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
pair	1
from	1
the	1
computer	1
to	1
the	1
device.	1
Still	1
Waiting......	1
I'm	1
sure	1
this	1
item	1
would	1
work	1
well..	1
if	1
I	1
ever	1
recieve	1
it!	1
0	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
able	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
old	1
cell	1
phone	1
through	1
Verizon	1
or	1
anyone	1
else.	1
what	1
a	1
disappointment	1
0	1
The	1
complete	1
internet	1
plan	1
is	1
much	1
more	1
affordable	1
than	1
what	1
I	1
had	1
with	1
Cingular.	1
The	1
K9	1
was	1
a	1
fine	1
phone,	1
but	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
get	1
something	1
that	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
smaller	1
and	1
would	1
more	1
easily	1
fit	1
in	1
my	1
pocket.	1
Very	1
prompt	1
service.	1
1	1
The	1
worst	1
part	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
already	1
lost	1
money	1
in	1
shipping	1
that	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
back.	1
Excellent	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
1	1
Very	1
pleased	1
with	1
this	1
headset.	1
1	1
A	1
crutial	1
piece	1
of	1
plastic	1
broke	1
off	1
of	1
it	1
as	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
into	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
then	1
remained	1
there,	1
thus	1
creating	1
a	1
new	1
project	1
of	1
removing	1
it.	1
So	1
as	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
Cingular	1
phone	1
(highly	1
recommended),	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
old	1
number	1
switched	1
to	1
my	1
new	1
number.	1
don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
and	1
time.	1
0	1
I	1
especially	1
love	1
the	1
long	1
battery	1
life.	1
1	1
If	1
I	1
let	1
it	1
sit	1
for	1
a	1
while,	1
it	1
works	1
again	1
for	1
another	1
30-40	1
minutes	1
and	1
then	1
fails	1
again.	1
mp3	1
ringtones.	1
Glad	1
to	1
say	1
that	1
it	1
fits	1
snugly	1
and	1
is	1
not	1
too	1
bulky.	1
Exceptional	1
Value.	1
It's	1
so	1
stupid	1
to	1
have	1
to	1
keep	1
buying	1
new	1
chargers,	1
car	1
chargers,	1
cradles,	1
headphones	1
and	1
car	1
kits	1
every	1
time	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
comes	1
out.	1
0	1
Works	1
great.	1
1	1
The	1
existing	1
combo	1
phone/pda's	1
TREO	1
600/650	1
etc.	1
Plantronics	1
Bluetooth	1
Excelent	1
Buy.	1
1	1
Power	1
off	1
itself	1
and	1
can't	1
boot	1
it	1
back.	1
Each	1
one	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
would	1
just	1
turn	1
off	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
a	1
call...not	1
just	1
drop	1
the	1
call	1
I	1
mean	1
the	1
phone	1
shuts	1
off!	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
totally	1
quiet	1
area	1
it	1
is	1
fine.	1
I	1
came	1
over	1
from	1
Verizon	1
because	1
cingulair	1
has	1
nicer	1
cell	1
phones....	1
the	1
first	1
thing	1
I	1
noticed	1
was	1
the	1
really	1
bad	1
service.	1
0	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
this	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
nice	1
alternative	1
to	1
the	1
"Star	1
Trek"	1
headsets	1
that	1
everyone	1
is	1
wearing	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
not.	1
I	1
had	1
read	1
all	1
the	1
reviews	1
from	1
other	1
people	1
that	1
they	1
break.	1
If	1
you	1
wear	1
glasses,	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
headset	1
for	1
you.	1
I'll	1
be	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
new	1
earpiece.	1
0	1
It	1
cuts	1
off	1
High	1
frequency	1
range	1
almost	1
completely.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
device	1
to	1
everyone!	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
however	1
larger	1
than	1
most,	1
if	1
not	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
out	1
on	1
the	1
current	1
market.	1
It's	1
less	1
"geeky"	1
than	1
some	1
headsets.3.	1
Jawbone	1
Era	1
is	1
awesome	1
too!	1
1	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
consistent	1
with	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
phones	1
I've	1
received	1
from	1
Cingular.	1
My	1
old	1
battery	1
no	1
longer	1
held	1
a	1
charge,	1
so	1
I	1
found	1
these.	1
Not	1
the	1
snazziest	1
smartphone	1
any	1
more,	1
it	1
still	1
works	1
nicely	1
for	1
me.	1
Thanks	1
Amazon.	1
Good	1
Phone.	1
Once	1
i	1
got	1
the	1
phone	1
activated,	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
problems.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
no	1
more	1
difficult	1
or	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
than	1
other	1
adapters.	1
We	1
received	1
a	1
WHITE	1
colored	1
battery	1
that	1
goes	1
DEAD	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
hoursTHe	1
original	1
used	1
to	1
last	1
a	1
week	1
-	1
but	1
still	1
lasts	1
longer	1
than	1
thereplacement	1
0	1
Do	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
change	1
any	1
settings	1
?	1
With	1
a	1
regular	1
phone,	1
you	1
could	1
rest	1
your	1
finger	1
on	1
the	1
button	1
to	1
hold	1
it	1
steady,	1
and	1
then	1
press	1
without	1
much	1
movement	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
There	1
are	1
three	1
earpieces	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
fits	1
your	1
ear	1
the	1
best.	1
The	1
things	1
that	1
it's	1
not	1
that	1
I	1
like	1
I	1
do	1
need	1
to	1
worry	1
about	1
the	1
line	1
limit	1
or	1
accident	1
when	1
walking.	1
After	1
a	1
year	1
the	1
battery	1
went	1
completely	1
dead	1
on	1
my	1
headset.	1
0	1
Since	1
it	1
was	1
inexpensive,	1
I'm	1
throwing	1
it	1
away	1
rather	1
try	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
money	1
back.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
several	1
phone	1
in	1
two	1
years,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
the	1
best.	1
1	1
I	1
almost	1
thought	1
the	1
plastic	1
tools	1
that	1
come	1
with	1
the	1
battery	1
were	1
going	1
to	1
break.	1
An	1
Awesome	1
New	1
Look	1
For	1
Fall	1
2000!.	1
1	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
should	1
be	1
long	1
enough	1
that,	1
like	1
your	1
phone,	1
you	1
never	1
have	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
off	1
at	1
all	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
care	1
to.)9.	1
In	1
terms	1
of	1
functionality,	1
I	1
could	1
only	1
wish	1
it	1
could	1
send	1
DTMF	1
tones	1
while	1
in	1
a	1
call	1
from	1
the	1
phonebook.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
phone	1
I've	1
had	1
that	1
has	1
been	1
so	1
cheaply	1
made.	1
0	1
I	1
loved	1
that	1
feature	1
on	1
my	1
StarTac.	1
Att	1
is	1
not	1
clear,	1
sound	1
is	1
very	1
distorted	1
and	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
yell	1
when	1
you	1
talk.	1
0	1
A	1
cellphone	1
must	1
first	1
and	1
foremost	1
do	1
what	1
it's	1
supposed	1
to	1
do.	1
The	1
plastic	1
breaks	1
really	1
easy	1
on	1
this	1
clip.	1
0	1
You	1
can	1
call	1
me	1
a	1
fool	1
for	1
not	1
running	1
all	1
the	1
traps,	1
but	1
as	1
a	1
prospective	1
consumer,	1
be	1
wary	1
of	1
this	1
platform	1
as	1
it	1
still	1
has	1
many,	1
many	1
kinks.	1
Meanwhile	1
you've	1
lost	1
a	1
call.	1
It	1
felt	1
comfortable,	1
but	1
I	1
couldn't	1
even	1
charge	1
it	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Great	1
Bluetooth!.	1
The	1
case	1
fits	1
this	1
cell	1
really	1
well.	1
Price	1
is	1
good	1
too.	1
1	1
Don't	1
make	1
the	1
same	1
mistake	1
I	1
did.	1
0	1
Verizon's	1
menu	1
is	1
not	1
intuitive.I	1
am	1
back	1
with	1
Cincinnati	1
Bell	1
with	1
no	1
contract.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
asked	1
not	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
cellphone	1
by	1
Cordless	1
phone	1
users	1
because	1
it	1
causes	1
major	1
static	1
disruption)Sorry	1
to	1
be	1
so	1
negative.	1
Cingular	1
doesn't	1
sell	1
the	1
"real	1
deal"	1
anymore	1
(it	1
was	1
comfortable	1
and	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
of)	1
so	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
keep	1
looking.	1
Oh	1
and	1
I	1
forgot	1
to	1
also	1
mention	1
the	1
weird	1
color	1
effect	1
it	1
has	1
on	1
your	1
phone.	1
0	1
I'm	1
using	1
it	1
with	1
an	1
iriver	1
SPINN	1
(with	1
case)	1
and	1
it	1
fits	1
fine.	1
1	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
year,	1
with	1
T-Mobile.	1
Also	1
the	1
area	1
where	1
my	1
unit	1
broke).-	1
I'm	1
not	1
too	1
fond	1
of	1
the	1
magnetic	1
strap.	1
0	1
Better	1
spent	1
buying	1
extra	1
long	1
extension	1
for	1
regular	1
headphones.There	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
better	1
way	1
than	1
bluetooth.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
am	1
psyched	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
phone	1
which	1
has	1
all	1
my	1
appointments	1
and	1
contacts	1
in	1
and	1
gets	1
great	1
reception.	1
1	1
every	1
thing	1
on	1
phone	1
work	1
perfectly,	1
she	1
like	1
it.	1
1	1
Sure,	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
fun	1
phone,	1
but	1
try	1
getting	1
some	1
signal!	1
you	1
really	1
wont	1
find	1
a	1
bad	1
phone	1
these	1
days.	1
So	1
despite	1
the	1
positive	1
aspects	1
mentioned	1
below,	1
I	1
cannot	1
rate	1
it	1
any	1
better.	1
Another	1
note	1
about	1
this	1
phone's	1
appearance	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
really	1
looks	1
rather	1
bland,	1
especially	1
in	1
the	1
all	1
black	1
model.	1
0	1
Make	1
sure	1
'Bluetooth'	1
is	1
checked	1
and	1
'Visible'	1
is	1
Checked6.	1
IT'S	1
REALLY	1
EASY.	1
1	1
My	1
Sanyo	1
has	1
survived	1
dozens	1
of	1
drops	1
on	1
blacktop	1
without	1
ill	1
effect.	1
1	1
Fantastic	1
earphones.	1
1	1
It	1
finds	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
right	1
away	1
when	1
I	1
enter	1
the	1
car.	1
1	1
My	1
coworker	1
had	1
one	1
I	1
tried	1
out	1
and	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
so	1
much	1
I	1
bought	1
one.	1
A	1
BIT	1
OUTDATED..	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
to	1
try	1
and	1
rescue	1
data	1
and	1
pictures	1
from	1
an	1
old	1
broken	1
nokia	1
phone.	1
Low	1
Quality.	1
0	1
Suspended	1
phone	1
not	1
supported	1
by	1
Verizon.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
modest	1
priced	1
cellular	1
phone.	1
1	1
But	1
it	1
does	1
get	1
better	1
reception	1
and	1
clarity	1
than	1
any	1
phone	1
I've	1
had	1
before.	1
1	1
Sure	1
it	1
fits	1
the	1
phone,	1
and	1
I'm	1
sure	1
it	1
works	1
as	1
a	1
battery,	1
but	1
my	1
phone	1
no	1
longer	1
fits	1
in	1
the	1
clip-in	1
belt	1
holster	1
that	1
I	1
use	1
24/7.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
look	1
and	1
style	1
of	1
the	1
Samsung	1
Galaxy	1
Note,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
case	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for!	1
I'm	1
pretty	1
tired	1
of	1
giving	1
up	1
incompatible	1
accessories	1
when	1
I	1
change	1
phones	1
or	1
providers.	1
It	1
fits	1
quite	1
comfortably	1
and	1
sound	1
quality	1
seems	1
fine.	1
Warning	1
-	1
Stay	1
away.	1
0	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
could	1
return	1
the	1
unit	1
and	1
get	1
back	1
my	1
money.	1
0	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
the	1
bad	1
thing	1
about	1
this	1
phone	1
if	1
you're	1
use	1
to	1
4-7	1
day	1
charges	1
on	1
Nokia	1
phones.	1
Awsome	1
Device	1
Works	1
Great!!.	1
1	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
talk	1
on	1
it	1
for	1
1	1
-	1
1	1
1/2	1
hours	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
would	1
be	1
literally	1
drained	1
and	1
dying.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
find	1
it,	1
too	1
bad,	1
as	1
again	1
the	1
unit	1
comes	1
with	1
one	1
earpad	1
only.I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
to	1
anyone.	1
0	1
Very	1
Displeased.	1
0	1
I	1
downloaded	1
a	1
big	1
set	1
of	1
songs	1
onto	1
it	1
right	1
from	1
my	1
PC	1
in	1
about	1
5	1
minutes.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great	1
90%	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
all	1
the	1
features	1
of	1
the	1
RAZR	1
and	1
video	1
capture.	1
You	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
sit	1
a	1
lot	1
closer	1
to	1
the	1
console	1
and	1
television	1
then	1
you	1
like	1
to.	1
I	1
might	1
have	1
gotten	1
a	1
defect,	1
but	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
risk	1
buying	1
it	1
again	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
built	1
quality	1
alone.	1
0	1
(cases	1
were	1
dusty)	1
They	1
made	1
this	1
case	1
too	1
small	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
difficult	1
to	1
install.	1
0	1
That	1
is	1
more	1
what	1
I	1
would	1
expect	1
from	1
a	1
new	1
battery.	1
Eventually	1
it	1
started	1
to	1
charge	1
a	1
bit	1
but	1
then	1
stopped	1
within	1
2	1
minutes	1
every	1
time	1
it	1
started.TL;DR	1
versionIt	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
Restored	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
like	1
new	1
performance.	1
1	1
I	1
was	1
at	1
the	1
Sprint	1
store	1
and	1
felt	1
pressured	1
to	1
pick	1
a	1
phone,	1
the	1
salesman	1
reassured	1
me	1
that	1
Sayno	1
is	1
great.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
purchasing	1
the	1
Jabra	1
JX-10	1
series	1
2	1
which	1
works	1
flawlessly	1
with	1
my	1
Moto	1
Q,	1
go	1
figure.	1
1	1
I	1
searched	1
the	1
Internet,	1
and	1
found	1
this	1
one	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
best	1
value.	1
1	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
pull	1
them	1
out	1
a	1
little	1
to	1
get	1
them	1
on	1
your	1
head.	1
Does	1
not	1
fit.	1
0	1
I	1
chose	1
black.	1
Very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
1	1
Expensive	1
But	1
Worth	1
It.	1
The	1
screen	1
size	1
is	1
big,	1
key	1
pad	1
lit	1
well	1
enough,	1
and	1
the	1
camera	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent	1
for	1
a	1
camera	1
phone.	1
1	1
service	1
and	1
product	1
price.	1
If	1
I	1
were	1
working	1
and	1
on	1
a	1
conference	1
call,	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
side	1
of	1
my	1
body	1
as	1
the	1
ear	1
the	1
headset	1
was	1
in.	1
A	1
micro	1
USB	1
connector	1
version	1
would	1
be	1
nice	1
as	1
well	1
although	1
the	1
tiny	1
Motorola	1
Mini/Micro	1
cable	1
works.	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
want	1
these	1
things,	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
your	1
best	1
bet	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
The	1
static	1
persists	1
at	1
any	1
distance	1
from	1
my	1
cell	1
phone,	1
including	1
having	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
hand	1
as	1
I	1
walk	1
around	1
the	1
house.	1
There's	1
really	1
nothing	1
bad	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
about	1
this	1
headset.	1
0	1
i'm	1
glad	1
i	1
found	1
this	1
product	1
on	1
amazon	1
it	1
is	1
hard	1
to	1
find,	1
it	1
wasn't	1
high	1
priced.	1
1	1
I	1
can	1
wear	1
them	1
for	1
hours	1
without	1
feeling	1
fatigue.	1
The	1
color	1
is	1
rather	1
nice	1
too.	1
Krusell	1
Genuine	1
Leather	1
Case	1
Classic	1
with	1
Multidapt	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W810iWorks	1
great	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
Portable	1
and	1
it	1
works.	1
1	1
II	1
will	1
never	1
buy	1
anything	1
else.	1
It	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
wonderful	1
addition	1
to	1
myDragon	1
Natually	1
Speaking.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
RV.	1
basement	1
with	1
bad	1
cell	1
phone	1
reception.This	1
product	1
did	1
not	1
help	1
increase	1
recption	1
at	1
all.	1
(You	1
must	1
be	1
home	1
to	1
sign	1
for	1
them,	1
and	1
that	1
can	1
be	1
a	1
problem	1
if	1
you	1
work!)5.	1
Appears	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
quick	1
to	1
market	1
first	1
gen	1
product.	1
So	1
it's	1
more	1
user	1
friendly.	1
My	1
colleague	1
&	1
I	1
now	1
get	1
great	1
reception.A	1
little	1
expensive,	1
but	1
performance	1
is	1
great.	1
1	1
I	1
even	1
fully	1
charged	1
it	1
before	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
bed	1
and	1
turned	1
off	1
blue	1
tooth	1
and	1
wi-fi	1
and	1
noticed	1
that	1
it	1
only	1
had	1
20	1
%	1
left	1
in	1
the	1
morning.	1
0	1
There	1
are	1
neutral	1
colors	1
for	1
those	1
that	1
prefer	1
something	1
not	1
so	1
obvious.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
somewhat	1
rural	1
area	1
as	1
I	1
am	1
you	1
might	1
want	1
to	1
consider	1
something	1
other	1
than	1
the	1
Cyclops.	1
CAVEAT	1
EMPTOR	1
-	1
This	1
thing	1
buzzes	1
like	1
a	1
bumblebee	1
on	1
steroids.	1
The	1
mice	1
'end'	1
came	1
apart	1
after	1
a	1
week.	1
Unfortunately,	1
with	1
my	1
car's	1
stereo	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
other	1
options	1
so	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
bite	1
the	1
bullet	1
and	1
buy	1
a	1
quality	1
transmitter.	1
Think	1
hard	1
about	1
buying	1
this,	1
the	1
I-pod	1
phones	1
are	1
excellent	1
Chained	1
to	1
a	1
land	1
line	1
when	1
on	1
call?	1
I've	1
also	1
had	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
reading	1
the	1
memory	1
card	1
in	1
which	1
I	1
always	1
turn	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
then	1
off	1
again.	1
0	1
Not	1
good	1
when	1
wearing	1
a	1
hat	1
or	1
sunglasses.	1
0	1
Timely	1
shipment	1
and	1
quality	1
product.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
gone	1
through	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
phones.	1
Then	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
it	1
doesn't	1
happen.	1
Nice	1
solid	1
keyboard.	1
1	1
I	1
can	1
walk	1
about	1
30	1
feet	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
phone,	1
and	1
still	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
talk.	1
Very	1
well	1
made	1
and	1
fits	1
my	1
Surefire	1
GX2	1
perfectly.	1
1	1
I	1
do	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
remote	1
PC	1
support	1
and	1
liked	1
the	1
idea	1
of	1
utilizing	1
a	1
hands-free	1
bluetooth	1
set	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
sync	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Razr.	1
I	1
find	1
myself	1
having	1
to	1
hit	1
the	1
keys	1
with	1
my	1
fingernails.	1
Great	1
product	1
-	1
installation	1
was	1
easy	1
-	1
the	1
only	1
problem	1
was	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
use	1
alcohol	1
to	1
remove	1
sticker	1
residue	1
from	1
both	1
inner	1
and	1
outer	1
guards.	1
We	1
own	1
a	1
towing	1
business	1
and	1
he	1
is	1
on	1
his	1
phone	1
ALOT.	1
Horrible	1
phone.	1
0	1
The	1
reason	1
this	1
rating	1
is	1
low	1
is	1
because	1
this	1
wasn't	1
the	1
item	1
I	1
needed.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
through	1
3	1
cases	1
so	1
far	1
and	1
either	1
they're	1
too	1
bulky	1
or	1
too	1
flimsy	1
but	1
this	1
case	1
offers	1
protection	1
without	1
bulking	1
up	1
the	1
phone.	1
Here's	1
why:1.	1
BT50	1
battery	1
junk!.	1
0	1
Now	1
that	1
I've	1
grown	1
up	1
a	1
bit,	1
I've	1
gone	1
thru	1
another	1
5	1
or	1
6	1
Bluetooths	1
and	1
this	1
was	1
probably	1
the	1
bottom	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
for	1
all	1
of	1
them.	1
We	1
would	1
recommend	1
these	1
to	1
others.	1
1	1
They	1
do	1
stay	1
put	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
moving	1
around	1
alot	1
like	1
cleaning	1
house	1
and	1
such.	1
Cant	1
get	1
the	1
software	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
computer.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
an	1
880	1
mAH	1
rated	1
battery,	1
part	1
no	1
SNN5762A.	1
Disappointed!.	1
0	1
My	1
previous	1
Samsung	1
phone	1
had	1
excellent	1
reception,	1
so	1
I	1
figured	1
this	1
would	1
be	1
the	1
same.	1
poor	1
voice	1
clarity.	1
0	1
No,	1
no	1
,	1
and	1
no.	1
I	1
understand	1
the	1
item	1
is	1
inexpensive	1
but	1
come	1
on...	1
3	1
bad	1
chargers.	1
The	1
battery	1
works	1
great!	1
1	1
UNFORTUNATLY	1
LOOKS	1
ARE	1
NOT	1
EVERYTHING.	1
No	1
buyers	1
remorse	1
on	1
this	1
one!.	1
0	1
Much	1
better	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
ones	1
I	1
have	1
purchased.	1
Very	1
disappointed	1
in	1
AccessoryOne.	1
0	1
I	1
find	1
this	1
inexcusable	1
and	1
so	1
will	1
probably	1
be	1
returning	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
perhaps	1
changing	1
carriers.	1
0	1
My	1
review	1
of	1
the	1
Nokia	1
8801.	1
Looks	1
great	1
and	1
is	1
strong."	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
TMobile	1
service	1
for	1
2	1
or	1
3	1
years	1
now,	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
pretty	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
1	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
BB	1
Curve	1
8330	1
with	1
OS	1
4.3	1
or	1
above.	1
The	1
update	1
procedure	1
is	1
difficult	1
and	1
cumbersome.	1
0	1
Disappointment..	1
I	1
hate	1
anything	1
that	1
goes	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
0	1
While	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone,	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
perfect.	1
The	1
included	1
earpieces	1
did	1
not	1
offer	1
an	1
option	1
that	1
felt	1
secure	1
to	1
the	1
ear	1
either.	1
Great	1
software	1
for	1
Motorolas.	1
1	1
It	1
broke	1
quite	1
soon.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
RDX-150	1
because	1
the	1
description	1
said	1
for	1
PC	1
and	1
Mac!	1
I	1
unplugged	1
it	1
from	1
the	1
charger	1
and	1
plugged	1
it	1
in	1
again	1
several	1
times	1
and	1
finally	1
got	1
it	1
to	1
turn	1
on.	1
The	1
delivery	1
was	1
on	1
time.	1
1	1
Who	1
wants	1
to	1
talk	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
while	1
they're	1
riding	1
anyways?	1
Very	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
1	1
The	1
integrated	1
on/off	1
and	1
microphone	1
feature	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
odd	1
but	1
not	1
terrible.	1
Extra	1
Power.	1
Uncomfortable	1
In	1
the	1
Ear,	1
Don't	1
use	1
with	1
LG	1
VX9900	1
(EnV).	1
0	1
I	1
really	1
wanted	1
a	1
case	1
to	1
protect	1
the	1
screen	1
and	1
didn't	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
a	1
stick-on	1
protector	1
because	1
of	1
past	1
bad	1
luck	1
with	1
them.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
a	1
man	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
you.	1
Can	1
go	1
all	1
day	1
without	1
charging	1
for	1
the	1
most	1
part	1
--	1
and	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
a	1
lot!	1
Not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
I	1
had	1
hoped..	1
This	1
was	1
the	1
exact	1
item	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
looking	1
for	1
and	1
could	1
not	1
find	1
in	1
the	1
stores	1
where	1
I	1
was	1
shopping.	1
Using	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
headset	1
is	1
great	1
also	1
but	1
the	1
mic	1
is	1
too	1
sensitive.	1
Worked..	1
I'm	1
always	1
dropping	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
its	1
great	1
too	1
cover	1
up	1
the	1
window	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
too.	1
As	1
it	1
turns	1
out,	1
the	1
"flex"	1
arm	1
is	1
really	1
just	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
metal	1
surrounded	1
by	1
a	1
plastic	1
sheath.	1
They	1
also	1
said,	1
"We	1
don't	1
support	1
Blackberry."	1
T-mobile,	1
not	1
so	1
mobile.	1
Ordered	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
white	1
iPhone.	1
The	1
volume	1
switch	1
rocketed	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
unit	1
to	1
a	1
destination	1
unknown.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
bought	1
about	1
10	1
of	1
them,	1
and	1
the	1
reason	1
I	1
need	1
so	1
many	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
am	1
super	1
hard	1
on	1
them.	1
In	1
some	1
ways,	1
it	1
is	1
kind	1
of	1
offensive.	1
At	1
least	1
they	1
reversed	1
the	1
charge	1
because	1
I	1
had	1
two	1
months	1
free	1
trial!10/30/04	1
--	1
As	1
an	1
update,	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
almost	1
a	1
year.	1
It	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
time,	1
is	1
reasonably	1
comfortable	1
under	1
long-wearing	1
conditions	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
sound	1
is	1
tremendous.	1
1	1
So	1
if	1
you've	1
just	1
pressed	1
9	1
different	1
digits,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
sit	1
there	1
and	1
hold	1
clear	1
for	1
ten	1
seconds	1
before	1
you	1
can	1
utilize	1
the	1
volume	1
control.	1
I'd	1
like	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
0	1
So	1
I	1
ran	1
to	1
Sprint	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
and	1
the	1
V3	1
caught	1
my	1
eye.	1
you	1
fulfilled	1
so	1
very	1
many	1
of	1
my	1
childhood	1
aspirations,	1
especially	1
my	1
dream	1
of	1
becoming	1
a	1
rogue	1
international	1
spy.	1
The	1
keyboard	1
is	1
really	1
worthwhile	1
in	1
usefulness	1
and	1
is	1
sturdy	1
enough	1
I	1
don't	1
expect	1
any	1
problems.	1
1	1
10	1
cent	1
for	1
text	1
message/free	1
to	1
recieve.	1
All	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
do	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
call	1
was	1
dial	1
the	1
two	1
digits	1
and	1
the	1
pound	1
key.	1
Once	1
thats	1
over	1
though,	1
I	1
am	1
gone	1
for	1
sure	1
and	1
I	1
will	1
NEVER	1
return	1
to	1
T-mobile.	1
Blinking	1
red	1
indicates	1
a	1
missed	1
call,	1
message	1
waiting	1
or	1
no	1
signal.	1
Verizon's	1
bills,	1
however,	1
are	1
difficult	1
to	1
understand	1
even	1
though	1
their	1
pricing	1
plans	1
are	1
simple.	1
0	1
After	1
charging	1
overnight,	1
these	1
batteries	1
work	1
great.	1
1	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
it	1
is	1
being	1
manufactured	1
the	1
same	1
and	1
if	1
it	1
is	1
really	1
a	1
samsung	1
product	1
the	1
quality	1
has	1
changed	1
drastically.	1
You	1
won't	1
regret	1
it!	1
1	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone!.	1
1	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
get	1
service	1
in	1
my	1
own	1
apartment	1
with	1
T-mobile	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
trapped	1
in	1
a	1
contract	1
with	1
them	1
until	1
July	1
08.	1
beating	1
it?	1
A	1
Disappointment.	1
0	1
It	1
doesn't.	1
I	1
didn't	1
want	1
a	1
big,	1
bulky	1
case	1
and	1
I	1
got	1
just	1
what	1
I	1
wanted.	1
Waste	1
your	1
money	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
but,	1
I	1
am	1
speaking	1
from	1
experience.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
item	1
$15.	1
You	1
will	1
hear	1
the	1
unit	1
hum/vibrate,	1
as	1
it	1
should.	1
Its	1
not	1
user	1
friendly.	1
0	1
Battery	1
limited(if	1
you	1
talk	1
alot),	1
Not	1
uncomfortable.	1
pretty	1
d*mn	1
good.	1
Not	1
great	1
but	1
better	1
than	1
most.	1
Unfortunately	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
actually	1
know	1
you	1
are	1
receiving	1
a	1
call	1
is	1
a	1
rather	1
important	1
feature	1
and	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
pitiful	1
in	1
that	1
respect.	1
0	1
great	1
phone,	1
when	1
bought	1
through	1
cingular.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
small	1
ears	1
that	1
don't	1
stick	1
out	1
from	1
your	1
head,	1
then	1
this	1
might	1
not	1
be	1
the	1
one	1
for	1
you.	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
smaller	1
phone	1
but	1
i	1
expected	1
that	1
when	1
i	1
got	1
it.	1
an	1
AM	1
radio	1
station	1
that	1
is	1
not	1
quite	1
on	1
frequency?	1
Plus	1
I	1
actually	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
cuz	1
I	1
thought	1
lost	1
old	1
one.	1
Having	1
owned	1
two	1
of	1
the	1
Body	1
Glove	1
Earglove	1
Headsets,	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
purchase	1
another	1
one.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
this	1
happens	1
with	1
all	1
phones,	1
just	1
mine.	1
its	1
always	1
one	1
thing	1
after	1
another.	1
And	1
it	1
allows	1
me	1
to	1
take	1
important	1
calls	1
and	1
make	1
them	1
while	1
I	1
am	1
driving	1
without	1
breaking	1
the	1
law	1
and	1
with	1
safety	1
in	1
mind.	1
I	1
wish	1
it	1
were	1
a	1
little	1
smaller	1
around	1
my	1
ear	1
-	1
the	1
only	1
reason	1
I	1
gave	1
it	1
4	1
stars.	1
Works	1
very	1
well	1
with	1
ASUS	1
EP	1
121	1
Slate.	1
The	1
customer	1
service	1
for	1
Cingular	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
other	1
companies	1
I	1
have	1
tried,	1
Sprint	1
and	1
Verizon.	1
Slight	1
scratches	1
on	1
it.	1
Nice	1
fit,	1
no	1
range.	1
So	1
I	1
returned	1
it.	1
Otherwise	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
it's....	1
the	1
carrying	1
case	1
is	1
ok.	1
!Muhammad	1
Ali	1
Hasan	1
The	1
calendar	1
and	1
reminders	1
are	1
useful4.	1
Then	1
I	1
exchanged	1
for	1
the	1
same	1
phone,	1
even	1
that	1
had	1
the	1
same	1
problem.	1
0	1
I'm	1
soo	1
organized!.	1
I've	1
used	1
several	1
different	1
headsets	1
over	1
time,	1
and	1
none	1
beats	1
the	1
Plantronics!	1
However,	1
there's	1
quite	1
some	1
stupid	1
designs	1
in	1
there.	1
This	1
results	1
in	1
the	1
phone	1
being	1
either	1
stuck	1
at	1
max	1
volume	1
or	1
mute.	1
0	1
This	1
PDA	1
rocks.	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
super	1
charged	1
up	1
for	1
use	1
as	1
a	1
small	1
hybrid	1
palmtop/camera/cellphone,	1
and	1
excels	1
in	1
those	1
roles.	1
1	1
I	1
would	1
definitely	1
recommend	1
the	1
Jabra	1
BT250v	1
for	1
those	1
who	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
comfort,	1
clarity	1
and	1
a	1
great	1
price!	1
1	1
I	1
had	1
Verizon	1
2	1
years	1
ago	1
and	1
really	1
liked	1
their	1
service.	1
1	1
The	1
same	1
amount	1
I	1
am	1
getting	1
on	1
an	1
original	1
equipment	1
two	1
and	1
one	1
half	1
year	1
old	1
battery.	1
Thats	1
kinda	1
important.	1
It's	1
a	1
thicker	1
material	1
so	1
I	1
found	1
it	1
easier	1
to	1
apply	1
and	1
it	1
went	1
on	1
without	1
any	1
bubbles	1
on	1
my	1
first	1
try.	1
Pretty	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
compatable	1
with	1
my	1
son's	1
8gb	1
4th	1
gen	1
ipod	1
nano.	1
I	1
understand	1
that	1
a	1
later	1
firmware	1
release	1
fixes	1
this,	1
which	1
Jabra	1
can	1
install	1
if	1
you	1
ship	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
them.	1
Unfortunately,	1
I	1
donated	1
it	1
to	1
charity	1
once	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
so	1
I	1
can't	1
use	1
it.	1
Plug	1
was	1
the	1
wrong	1
size.	1
0	1
Works	1
as	1
described.	1
1	1
When	1
I	1
have	1
them	1
on	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
behind	1
them	1
and	1
if	1
I	1
turn	1
my	1
head	1
it's	1
possible	1
the	1
thing	1
will	1
go	1
flying.	1
Save	1
your	1
money....	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
item	1
for	1
11	1
months	1
now.	1
0	1
Bad	1
Purchase.	1
0	1
already	1
broke!.	1
WELL	1
IM	1
SATISFIED.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
this	1
paired	1
with	1
a	1
Cingular	1
2125	1
AND	1
a	1
Jabra	1
A210.	1
The	1
bose	1
noise	1
cancelling	1
is	1
amazing,	1
which	1
is	1
very	1
important	1
for	1
a	1
NYC	1
commuter.	1
1	1
This	1
battery	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
bargain!	1
1	1
Great	1
Idea	1
But	1
Does	1
Not	1
Work	1
:(.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
experience	1
any	1
of	1
the	1
dropped	1
call	1
problems	1
or	1
crashes,	1
but	1
maybe	1
I	1
got	1
lucky	1
with	1
the	1
unit	1
I	1
bought.	1
For	1
$3.08	1
including	1
shipping,	1
I	1
can't	1
complain.	1
Defective	1
crap.	1
0	1
I	1
would	1
go	1
with	1
a	1
name	1
brand	1
product	1
and	1
pay	1
more	1
for	1
better	1
quality.	1
The	1
plug	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
placed	1
in	1
just	1
the	1
right	1
position	1
in	1
the	1
cigarette	1
lighter	1
or	1
else	1
it	1
won't	1
charge.	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
given	1
no	1
star	1
if	1
I	1
was	1
able.	1
0	1
I	1
wear	1
glasses	1
and	1
it	1
fits	1
fine	1
with	1
them.	1
1	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
really	1
inappropriate.	1
samsung	1
blue	1
tooth	1
ear	1
head	1
set.	1
You	1
can	1
wear	1
this	1
headset	1
without	1
the	1
tips,	1
and	1
I've	1
actually	1
gotten	1
to	1
prefer	1
not	1
having	1
an	1
ear	1
tip	1
inside	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
for	1
my	1
husband	1
and	1
when	1
he	1
is	1
using	1
it,	1
I	1
cannot	1
hear	1
a	1
word	1
he	1
is	1
saying!	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset,	1
though,	1
so	1
my	1
comparison	1
is	1
only	1
to	1
expectation.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
for	1
the	1
device	1
is	1
unacceptable.Unless	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
really	1
quiet	1
area,	1
you	1
almost	1
hear	1
nothing.	1
0	1
Tracfone's	1
service	1
is	1
not	1
bad.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
item	1
to	1
anyone.	1
0	1
Plus,	1
you	1
can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price!	1
At	1
first	1
I	1
had	1
trouble	1
achieving	1
contact,	1
but	1
eventually	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
power	1
continuous.	1
The	1
holster	1
that	1
arrived	1
did	1
not	1
match	1
the	1
photo	1
in	1
the	1
ad.	1
0	1
great...no	1
problems	1
at	1
all!.	1
1	1
As	1
an	1
earlier	1
review	1
noted,	1
plug	1
in	1
this	1
charger	1
and	1
nothing	1
happens.	1
0	1
Yes	1
I'm	1
a	1
grown	1
man	1
6'	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
unique	1
to	1
me.	1
Don't	1
get	1
surprised	1
if	1
you	1
phone	1
gets	1
3	1
weeks	1
to	1
arrive,	1
as	1
it	1
happened	1
in	1
my	1
case.	1
Their	1
calling	1
plan	1
page	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
confusing.	1
kinda	1
mad	1
about	1
that.	1
This	1
frog	1
phone	1
charm	1
is	1
adorable	1
and	1
very	1
eye	1
catching.	1
1	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
in	1
the	1
hope	1
of	1
adding	1
some	1
substance	1
to	1
my	1
Note.	1
You	1
never	1
know	1
if	1
you	1
pushed	1
it	1
hard	1
enough	1
or	1
the	1
right	1
number	1
of	1
times	1
for	1
the	1
function	1
you	1
want	1
or	1
not.	1
0	1
You	1
may	1
find	1
a	1
slighty	1
better	1
sounding	1
headset.	1
Mine	1
feels	1
secure	1
after	1
doing	1
this	1
and	1
is	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
for	1
long	1
periods	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
hardly	1
tell	1
it's	1
there.	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
phone	1
until	1
the	1
battery	1
started	1
losing	1
its	1
charge	1
within	1
a	1
day,	1
even	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
turned	1
off.	1
My	1
brother	1
recommended	1
this	1
item	1
because	1
he	1
has	1
one.	1
It's	1
Windows	1
Mobile...Windows	1
uses	1
menus.The	1
sound	1
clarity	1
is	1
way	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
Treo,	1
as	1
is	1
the	1
screen.	1
The	1
same	1
thing	1
happened	1
in	1
July	1
with	1
2	1
"new"	1
batteries	1
that	1
went	1
dead	1
in	1
minutes.	1
I	1
put	1
this	1
product	1
on	1
my	1
dashboard,	1
and	1
immediately	1
all	1
four	1
edges	1
curled	1
up.	1
My	1
colleague	1
and	1
I	1
thought,	1
"Finally!	1
When	1
I	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
just	1
using	1
the	1
phone,	1
everyone	1
could	1
hear	1
me	1
sans	1
static.	1
When	1
LOCKED,	1
you	1
are	1
ONLY	1
allow	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
the	1
provider's	1
SIM	1
chip.	1
I	1
have	1
called	1
people	1
only	1
to	1
have	1
them	1
hang	1
up	1
on	1
me	1
because	1
they	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me	1
talking.	1
Their	1
email:Unfortunately	1
we	1
do	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
driver	1
for	1
that	1
device	1
currently.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
the	1
people	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
on	1
it	1
are	1
amazed	1
at	1
the	1
quality	1
too.	1
1	1
It's	1
been	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
most	1
frustrating	1
experiences	1
I've	1
ever	1
had	1
with	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
technology.The	1
construction	1
and	1
comfort	1
of	1
this	1
headset	1
are	1
fine.	1
So	1
I	1
got	1
one	1
(also	1
from	1
Plantronics)	1
that	1
cost	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
aluminum	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
new	1
Palm	1
VX	1
and	1
it	1
worked	1
really	1
well--it	1
has	1
protected	1
my	1
handheld	1
perfectly	1
so	1
far.	1
1	1
Makes	1
it	1
a	1
little	1
hard	1
to	1
be	1
discreet	1
in	1
a	1
meeting.	1
I	1
use	1
in	1
18	1
wheller.	1
very	1
good	1
product,	1
well	1
made.	1
1	1
Mobile	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
are	1
a	1
must	1
have.	1
1	1
The	1
result	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
turns	1
itself	1
off	1
frequently	1
during	1
a	1
call	1
cutting	1
off	1
the	1
speaker	1
for	1
a	1
second	1
or	1
two.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
job	1
that	1
Motorola	1
did	1
on	1
the	1
sturdiness	1
of	1
this	1
phone.	1
1	1
Have	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
4	1
weeks	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
broken	1
already.	1
These	1
were	1
light	1
weight,	1
felt	1
great,	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
got	1
stereo,	1
they	1
sounded	1
wonderful.	1
not	1
sure	1
whether	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
or	1
not?.	1
I	1
received	1
my	1
orders	1
well	1
within	1
the	1
shipping	1
timeframe,	1
everything	1
was	1
in	1
good	1
working	1
order	1
and	1
overall,	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
excited	1
to	1
have	1
this	1
source.	1
1	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
version	1
from	1
I	1
O	1
Gear	1
as	1
the	1
version	1
that	1
I	1
lost	1
was	1
so	1
terrific.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
sturdy	1
and	1
waterproof.	1
1	1
In	1
some	1
cases	1
they	1
are	1
slightly	1
off	1
and	1
in	1
others	1
they	1
are	1
completely	1
off.	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
great	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
two	1
minutes.Your	1
phone	1
sounds	1
great	1
in	1
stereo,	1
or	1
at	1
least	1
with	1
both	1
ears	1
hearing	1
the	1
same	1
stuff.	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
washed	1
out	1
in	1
high	1
light.3.	1
I	1
hope	1
I	1
save	1
one	1
poor	1
soul	1
from	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
battery	1
lasted	1
for	1
about	1
12	1
hours	1
and	1
then	1
I'd	1
have	1
to	1
charge	1
it.This	1
phone	1
fit	1
the	1
bill	1
perfectly.	1
I	1
didn't	1
give	1
it	1
5	1
stars	1
because	1
customer	1
service	1
with	1
cingular	1
needs	1
so	1
much	1
improvement.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
and	1
i	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
item	1
to	1
anyone.	1
0	1
The	1
clarity	1
is	1
unequal	1
to	1
any	1
cellular	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
Market.	1
*Charging	1
is	1
slow.	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
is	1
the	1
standard	1
sound	1
volume	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
low	1
even	1
when	1
turned	1
up	1
to	1
5(of	1
5)	1
0	1
Thanks	1
again	1
to	1
Amazon	1
for	1
having	1
the	1
things	1
I	1
need	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
price!	1
1	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
sliding	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
edge	1
of	1
my	1
pants	1
or	1
back	1
pockets	1
instead.	1
1	1
The	1
battery	1
lasts	1
a	1
really	1
long	1
time,	1
was	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up,	1
and	1
has	1
good	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
reception	1
even	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Nice	1
try,	1
but	1
not	1
good	1
enough	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
Motorola	1
ia	1
asking.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
to	1
a	1
store	1
and	1
bought	1
a	1
new	1
NOKIA	1
phone	1
which	1
is	1
working	1
great.	1
1	1
Works	1
great!.	1
1	1
I'm	1
pleased	1
over	1
the	1
first	1
month	1
of	1
use.	1
REALLY	1
UGLY.	1
0	1
The	1
gels	1
fit	1
well.	1
I	1
was	1
in	1
two	1
minds	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
getting	1
a	1
phone	1
around	1
Nov.	1
horrible,	1
had	1
to	1
switch	1
3	1
times.	1
0	1
I'm	1
sure	1
I	1
would	1
also	1
be	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
Monoural	1
CS361N.Hope	1
this	1
helps!	1
The	1
noise	1
shield	1
is	1
incrediable.	1
1	1
Within	1
the	1
10	1
day	1
period	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
I	1
had	1
like	1
15	1
dropped	1
calls.	1
Not	1
just	1
sitting	1
still	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
so	1
go	1
on	1
ahead	1
and	1
buy	1
it.	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
phone.	1
I	1
burned	1
through	1
2	1
sheets	1
just	1
trying	1
to	1
apply	1
them.	1
No	1
real	1
improvement.	1
0	1
Razr	1
Battery	1
-	1
Good	1
buy.	1
1	1
We	1
had	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
experience	1
with	1
older	1
types	1
of	1
permanent	1
magnet	1
windgenerators	1
and	1
spruce	1
(wood)	1
blades.	1
Go	1
with	1
the	1
RAZR	1
or	1
with	1
the	1
LG	1
VX8100.	1
Keep	1
up	1
the	1
good	1
work	1
Amazon!!	1
1	1
for	1
being	1
so	1
big,	1
one	1
would	1
think	1
it	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
strong	1
as	1
well,	1
but	1
that	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
case	1
with	1
this	1
clip.	1
I	1
took	1
it	1
back,	1
got	1
another	1
one,	1
that	1
one	1
lasted	1
about	1
18	1
hours,	1
same	1
problem.	1
Not	1
pretty.	1
The	1
PLT	1
510	1
is	1
completely	1
different.	1
Have	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
and	1
have	1
no	1
problems	1
at	1
all.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
clip.	1
And	1
Palm's	1
desktop	1
software	1
can	1
surprise	1
you	1
with	1
a	1
feature	1
that	1
automatically	1
deletes	1
most	1
of	1
your	1
old	1
calendar	1
entries.	1
A	1
case	1
MADE	1
for	1
the	1
Razr.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
Sprint	1
Centro	1
690	1
for	1
the	1
past	1
6	1
months	1
after	1
my	1
Palm	1
charger	1
died.	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
on	1
my	1
way	1
to	1
work,	1
on	1
my	1
way	1
home	1
and	1
when	1
I'm	1
out	1
and	1
about	1
on	1
weekends	1
-	1
about	1
4	1
hours	1
a	1
day;	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
charge	1
it.	1
They	1
refuse	1
to	1
refund	1
or	1
replace.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
flimsy.	1
I	1
have	1
purchased	1
4.	1
Unfortunately	1
it's	1
easy	1
to	1
accidentally	1
activate	1
them	1
with	1
the	1
gentle-touch	1
buttons	1
if	1
you	1
accidentally	1
touch	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
your	1
face	1
while	1
listening.	1
0	1
So	1
I	1
basically	1
threw	1
my	1
money	1
out	1
the	1
window	1
for	1
nothing.	1
0	1
Great	1
case	1
and	1
price!	1
1	1
finally,	1
i	1
decided	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
A210	1
is	1
paired	1
by	1
means	1
of	1
a	1
stylus	1
pressing	1
down	1
a	1
depressed	1
switch	1
on	1
the	1
body	1
of	1
the	1
unit.	1
The	1
price	1
from	1
Amazon	1
was	1
well	1
below	1
retail	1
and	1
the	1
unit	1
has	1
a	1
sleek,	1
polished	1
look.	1
All	1
it	1
took	1
was	1
one	1
drop	1
from	1
about	1
6	1
inches	1
above	1
the	1
kitchen	1
counter	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
cracked.I	1
am	1
not	1
impressed	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
laughing.	1
0	1
I	1
never	1
got	1
it..	1
The	1
seller	1
says	1
they	1
did	1
not	1
get	1
paid	1
and	1
Amazon	1
say	1
they	1
paid	1
them	1
on	1
the	1
15th	1
of	1
May	1
and	1
its	1
the	1
31st.	1
BUT...The	1
eargels	1
unclip	1
too	1
easily	1
when	1
in	1
a	1
pocket,	1
bag,	1
or	1
ESPECIALLY	1
when	1
in	1
the	1
pocket-clip	1
charger.	1
Could	1
be	1
better.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
charger	1
from	1
BargainCell	1
and	1
received	1
it	1
in	1
3	1
days	1
as	1
advertised.	1
Bluetooth	1
range	1
is	1
good	1
-	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
ago	1
I	1
left	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
trunk,	1
got	1
a	1
call,	1
and	1
carried	1
the	1
conversation	1
without	1
a	1
hitch.	1
1	1
I	1
am	1
constantly	1
complimented	1
on	1
it	1
and	1
people	1
are	1
always	1
curious	1
about	1
it.	1
Small,	1
sleek,	1
impressive	1
looking,	1
practical	1
setup	1
with	1
ample	1
storage	1
in	1
place.	1
1	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
carrying	1
to	1
reduce	1
the	1
wear	1
and	1
tear	1
not	1
to	1
mention	1
help	1
keep	1
me	1
from	1
loosing	1
my	1
2nd	1
H700	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
The	1
eargels	1
channel	1
the	1
sound	1
directly	1
into	1
your	1
ear	1
and	1
seem	1
to	1
increase	1
the	1
sound	1
volume	1
and	1
clarity.	1
1	1
Motorola	1
v551.	1
none	1
of	1
the	1
new	1
ones	1
have	1
ever	1
quite	1
worked	1
properly.	1
0	1
I	1
strap	1
the	1
Sirius	1
SL-100	1
to	1
my	1
upper	1
arm	1
and	1
hit	1
the	1
weights.	1
I	1
am	1
glad	1
I	1
purchased	1
it.	1
1	1
I've	1
missed	1
numerous	1
calls	1
because	1
of	1
this	1
reason.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
adjusted	1
it	1
a	1
number	1
of	1
times	1
to	1
the	1
highest	1
setting	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
about	1
half	1
the	1
volume	1
of	1
other	1
bluetooth	1
ear	1
pieces	1
I	1
have.	1
Perhaps	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
defective,	1
but	1
people	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
this.	1
0	1
No	1
more	1
holding	1
the	1
button	1
down	1
just	1
the	1
right	1
way	1
for	1
just	1
the	1
right	1
length	1
of	1
time	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
on!	1
Every	1
move	1
you	1
make,	1
getting	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
car,	1
sitting	1
down,	1
bending	1
over,	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
inching	1
its	1
way	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
product.	1
0	1
They	1
don't	1
allow	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
100	1
songs	1
(again	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
U.S.	1
I	1
see	1
no	1
replacement	1
plug	1
for	1
sale.	1
old	1
technology	1
that	1
still	1
works	1
just	1
fine!	1
sucked,	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
stuff	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
0	1
I	1
exchanged	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
Sanyo	1
PM8200	1
and	1
its	1
much	1
better.	1
Sometimes	1
the	1
device	1
would	1
actually	1
be	1
off	1
(which	1
it	1
did	1
on	1
its	1
it	1
own)	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
on.	1
No	1
shifting,	1
no	1
bubbling,	1
no	1
peeling,	1
not	1
even	1
a	1
scratch,	1
NOTHING!I	1
couldn't	1
be	1
more	1
happier	1
with	1
my	1
new	1
one	1
for	1
the	1
Droid.	1
1	1
But	1
I	1
will	1
grant	1
the	1
possibility	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
simply	1
a	1
defective	1
charger.	1
When	1
it	1
is	1
replaced	1
onto	1
the	1
headset,	1
the	1
plastic	1
breaks.	1
I	1
even	1
upgraded	1
the	1
firmware	1
on	1
the	1
headset...no	1
change	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
tell...	1
I	1
will	1
review	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
then	1
review	1
the	1
MP3	1
player's	1
problems	1
and	1
good	1
points.THE	1
PHONE:My	1
previous	1
phone	1
was	1
a	1
Motorola	1
V330	1
--	1
the	1
blue	1
one.	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
The	1
only	1
issues	1
Worst	1
software	1
ever	1
used....	1
If	1
I	1
could	1
give	1
this	1
zero	1
stars	1
I	1
would.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
a	1
teenager	1
this	1
phone	1
may	1
be	1
good	1
for	1
you.	1
I	1
put	1
my	1
old	1
battery	1
back	1
in	1
my	1
phone.	1
Trying	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
call	1
on	1
these	1
is	1
an	1
exercise	1
in	1
frustration.	1
0	1
Both	1
worked	1
fine	1
with	1
either	1
phone,	1
even	1
recognized	1
the	1
voice	1
commands	1
stored	1
on	1
both	1
phones.	1
The	1
case	1
is	1
a	1
flimsy	1
piece	1
of	1
plastic	1
and	1
has	1
no	1
front	1
or	1
side	1
protection	1
whatsoever.	1
0	1
I	1
own	1
a	1
Jabra	1
Earset	1
and	1
was	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it,	1
but	1
the	1
sound	1
quality,	1
especially	1
outgoing,	1
on	1
this	1
is	1
better.	1
1	1
After	1
using	1
this	1
headset	1
even	1
the	1
bass	1
on	1
my	1
car	1
speakers	1
is	1
enough	1
to	1
bother	1
me	1
now,	1
and	1
they're	1
just	1
normal	1
car	1
speakers.	1
No	1
documentation	1
or	1
any	1
other	1
information	1
was	1
included.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
exact	1
same	1
item	1
from	1
someone	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
ago.	1
As	1
of	1
now,	1
I	1
can	1
call	1
manually	1
and	1
receive	1
calls	1
but	1
heaven	1
forbid	1
it	1
goes	1
into	1
voicemail.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
camera,	1
it's	1
really	1
pretty	1
good	1
quality.	1
1	1
Could	1
have	1
been	1
Better!.	1
Thank	1
you	1
for	1
such	1
great	1
service.	1
1	1
That	1
left	1
a	1
bad	1
taste	1
in	1
regards	1
to	1
amazon.	1
The	1
item	1
came	1
quickly	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
wanted	1
and	1
in	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
needed.	1
Its	1
a	1
total	1
package.	1
1	1
I	1
wasn't	1
able	1
to	1
find	1
the	1
web	1
site	1
for	1
the	1
manufacturer.	1
The	1
seller	1
is	1
very	1
understanding	1
and	1
patient,	1
I	1
would	1
definitely	1
buy	1
from	1
them	1
again.	1
1	1
I	1
give	1
Wirefly	1
1	1
star.I	1
will	1
contact	1
Cingular/AT&T;	1
and	1
inform	1
them	1
of	1
this	1
practice.	1
0	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
longer	1
painstaking	1
way	1
to	1
do	1
it.	1
hopefully	1
before	1
i	1
retired	1
It's	1
AGGRAVATING!	1
0	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
price	1
in	1
my	1
opinion.	1
The	1
service	1
is	1
very	1
reliable	1
now	1
that	1
Cingular	1
has	1
spent	1
money	1
on	1
over	1
47,000	1
cell	1
sites	1
in	1
America.	1
I'm	1
a	1
technically	1
savvy	1
person	1
but	1
I	1
can	1
tell	1
I'm	1
in	1
for	1
hours	1
of	1
valuable	1
time	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
to	1
work.	1
I	1
just	1
hope	1
they	1
fix	1
the	1
bugs.	1
Great	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
price!.	1
1	1
Why	1
show	1
this	1
one?	1
I	1
was	1
embarrassed	1
when	1
they	1
took	1
it	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
box	1
for	1
a	1
first	1
look.	1
I	1
have	1
purchased	1
these	1
for	1
both	1
family	1
and	1
friends,	1
and	1
all	1
enjoy	1
their	1
clarity	1
and	1
ease	1
of	1
use	1
1	1
Virgin	1
Wireless	1
rocks	1
and	1
so	1
does	1
this	1
cheap	1
little	1
phone!	1
1	1
None	1
of	1
it	1
works,	1
just	1
don't	1
buy	1
it.	1
0	1
The	1
scam	1
is	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
run	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
cable	1
and	1
mount	1
everything,	1
you	1
will	1
not	1
want	1
to	1
remove	1
everything	1
for	1
return.	1
I	1
know	1
i	1
sould	1
stuck	1
up	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
true.	1
They	1
replaced	1
the	1
infuriating	1
proprietary	1
NOKIA	1
POP-PORT	1
combination	1
USB	1
and	1
HEADPHONE	1
access	1
port	1
with	1
separate	1
STANDARD	1
USB	1
and	1
HEADPHONE	1
jacks.	1
Muddy,	1
low	1
quality	1
sound,	1
and	1
the	1
casing	1
around	1
the	1
wire's	1
insert	1
was	1
poorly	1
super	1
glued	1
and	1
slid	1
off.	1
0	1
The	1
holes	1
don't	1
match	1
up	1
perfectly,	1
but	1
it's	1
good	1
enough.	1
I'm	1
very	1
active,	1
so	1
I	1
want	1
a	1
headset	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
use	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
tunes	1
while	1
working	1
out	1
or	1
running.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
people	1
can't	1
hear	1
me.	1
I	1
was	1
fooled	1
twice.	1
I	1
used	1
the	1
original	1
HS820	1
for	1
years	1
which	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
headset.	1
Please	1
dont	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
0	1
My	1
interior	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
noisy	1
but	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
great	1
in	1
quiet	1
rooms	1
but	1
not	1
really	1
anywhere	1
else.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
always	1
pretty	1
bad	1
and	1
I	1
get	1
complaints	1
from	1
the	1
other	1
side	1
also.I	1
have	1
a	1
Platronics	1
since	1
before	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
and	1
that	1
works	1
great.	1
I	1
believe	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
common	1
sense	1
that	1
when	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
phone	1
of	1
this	1
build,	1
you	1
obviously	1
must	1
be	1
a	1
lot	1
more	1
careful	1
and	1
aware	1
with	1
it.	1
This	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
phone	1
adapters,	1
but	1
not	1
a	1
micro	1
usb,	1
the	1
most	1
common	1
for	1
cell	1
phones	1
so	1
I	1
actually	1
haven't	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
yet,	1
I've	1
had	1
a	1
selection	1
oh	1
phones	1
since	1
this	1
one	1
and	1
they	1
didnt	1
compare,	1
so	1
as	1
of	1
now	1
I'm	1
waiting	1
on	1
my	1
new	1
nokia	1
3220.	1
press	1
once	1
for	1
this,	1
twice	1
for	1
that,	1
hold	1
3	1
secs	1
for	1
the	1
other,	1
etc.)	1
That	1
didn't	1
solve	1
my	1
cell	1
coverage	1
problem,	1
but	1
it	1
did	1
give	1
me	1
a	1
working	1
phone	1
inside	1
my	1
home	1
so	1
I'm	1
happy.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
I'm	1
quite	1
satisfied	1
with	1
this	1
purchase.	1
1	1
the	1
charger	1
actually	1
charged	1
my	1
phone.	1
The	1
actual	1
battery	1
model	1
#	1
did	1
NOT	1
match	1
the	1
image	1
that	1
I	1
saw	1
for	1
this	1
battery.	1
Well,	1
it	1
looks	1
like	1
nokia	1
have	1
been	1
trying	1
out	1
this	1
theory	1
with	1
handsfree/headphone	1
kits.	1
When	1
compared	1
in	1
size	1
to	1
a	1
RAZR,	1
it	1
is	1
about	1
the	1
same	1
length	1
closed,	1
double	1
the	1
length	1
opened,	1
and	1
about	1
a	1
RAZR	1
and	1
a	1
half	1
thick.	1
I	1
called	1
reseller	1
"unlockedcellphonekings"	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
sorry	1
90	1
days	1
has	1
passed	1
nothing	1
we	1
can	1
do.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
quality	1
Motorola	1
Headset	1
keep	1
looking,	1
this	1
isn't	1
it.	1
0	1
Common	1
problems	1
include	1
It	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
kept	1
too	1
close	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
has	1
too	1
much	1
noise	1
in	1
it.	1
Yet	1
Plantronincs	1
continues	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
same	1
flawed	1
charger	1
design.	1
0	1
I'm	1
getting	1
a	1
new	1
case!	1
Also	1
I	1
can	1
walk	1
around	1
my	1
apt	1
and	1
even	1
check	1
my	1
mail	1
and	1
still	1
have	1
a	1
strong	1
signal!!	1
Disapointing	1
Results.	1
0	1
Cumbersome	1
design.	1
0	1
Great	1
it	1
was	1
new	1
packaged	1
nice	1
works	1
good,	1
no	1
problems	1
and	1
it	1
came	1
in	1
less	1
time	1
then	1
I	1
expected!!!!	1
1	1
The	1
sellers	1
did	1
not	1
respond.We	1
bought	1
this	1
set	1
also	1
to	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
shot.	1
Not	1
impressed...	1
Contemplating	1
taking	1
back..	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
honest.	1
Didn't	1
feel	1
like	1
buying	1
a	1
unit	1
priced	1
higher	1
than	1
my	1
phone	1
:).	1
Great	1
Product.	1
1	1
decent	1
pouch	1
but	1
very	1
very	1
bad	1
clip.	1
works	1
with	1
iPhone	1
3G/OS	1
3.0.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
go	1
through	1
the	1
Treo	1
menus	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
pair	1
again.	1
this	1
one	1
works	1
with	1
my	1
hp	1
ipaq	1
and	1
motorola	1
razor	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time,	1
ipaq	1
for	1
my	1
business	1
and	1
rzr	1
for	1
my	1
personal	1
phone.	1
Button	1
rattles.	1
It's	1
A	1
PIECE	1
OF	1
CRAP!	1
0	1
To	1
address	1
this	1
problem	1
I	1
picked	1
up	1
a	1
Palm	1
PDA.	1
Not	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
out	1
there....	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year,	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
pleased	1
with	1
its	1
service.	1
Exactly	1
what	1
I	1
needed	1
for	1
my	1
RIZR	1
Z3!.	1
So	1
far	1
Cingular	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
breath	1
of	1
fresh	1
air.	1
It	1
worked	1
for	1
two	1
weeks	1
and	1
than	1
sto	1
working	1
.	1
They	1
then	1
said	1
that	1
this	1
SIM	1
card	1
too	1
was	1
not	1
correct--they	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
send	1
me	1
another	1
one!	1
I've	1
completely	1
verified,	1
by	1
other	1
means,	1
that	1
everything	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
(computer,	1
phone,	1
USB	1
connection,	1
etc.)	1
Only	1
issues	1
My	1
experience	1
was	1
terrible.....	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
fourth	1
bluetooth	1
headset,	1
and	1
while	1
it	1
was	1
much	1
more	1
comfortable	1
than	1
my	1
last	1
Jabra	1
(which	1
I	1
HATED!!!	1
0	1
They	1
sound	1
kind	1
of	1
tinny.	1
Igo	1
Keyboard.	1
Downloaded	1
a	1
couple	1
mp3s	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
a	1
flash.	1
The	1
ear	1
clip	1
should	1
be	1
redesigned.	1
This	1
fixes	1
all	1
the	1
problems.	1
1	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
ever	1
and	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
because	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
print	1
out	1
a	1
picture	1
so	1
my	1
headset	1
could	1
match	1
my	1
outfit.	1
Worst	1
ever.	1
0	1
!Of	1
course,	1
I	1
did	1
experience	1
call	1
drops	1
during	1
long	1
duration	1
calls.	1
It's	1
comfortable	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
Returned	1
my	1
Cingular	1
8525.	1
2.50	1
per	1
ringtone.	1
Eventually	1
it	1
gets	1
into	1
place	1
and	1
it's	1
great.The	1
other	1
things	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
jawbone	1
looks	1
fragile.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
1	1
I've	1
had	1
no	1
trouble	1
accessing	1
the	1
Internet,	1
downloading	1
ringtones	1
or	1
performing	1
any	1
of	1
the	1
functions.	1
1	1
Bought	1
this	1
blu-tooth	1
to	1
replace	1
another	1
that	1
was	1
uncomfortable.	1
It	1
fits	1
the	1
razr	1
quite	1
well.	1
After	1
reading	1
the	1
first	1
review,	1
I	1
emailed	1
customer	1
service	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
description	1
was	1
accurate	1
BEFORE	1
I	1
ordered.	1
Hence,	1
we	1
would	1
not	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
apply	1
any	1
credits	1
against	1
the	1
roaming	1
charges.	1
A	1
camera	1
I	1
might	1
play	1
around	1
with	1
when	1
bored.	1
The	1
rest	1
of	1
the	1
time,	1
I	1
am	1
around	1
big	1
cities	1
and	1
strong	1
digital	1
network	1
presence.	1
This	1
version	1
was	1
brand	1
new	1
in	1
box.I'm	1
still	1
a	1
little	1
salty	1
about	1
spending	1
nearly	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
$10	1
at	1
UPS	1
to	1
fix	1
this	1
problem.	1
Brilliant	1
but	1
flawed.	1
The	1
motorola	1
branded	1
usb	1
cable	1
which	1
shipped	1
with	1
the	1
software	1
was	1
malformed	1
at	1
the	1
mini	1
USB	1
end	1
and	1
would	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
phone's	1
usb	1
port	1
easily.	1
I	1
just	1
started	1
using	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
wmv	1
playback	1
since	1
my	1
iPod	1
broke.	1
I	1
can	1
barely	1
ever	1
hear	1
on	1
it	1
and	1
am	1
constantly	1
saying	1
"what?"	1
0	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
highly	1
unacceptable.	1
0	1
broken	1
in	1
one	1
month.	1
all	1
of	1
these	1
fees	1
they	1
charge	1
us,	1
subscribers,	1
are	1
draining	1
our	1
finances.	1
That	1
company	1
is	1
a	1
joke.	1
0	1
Finally	1
got	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset,	1
settled	1
on	1
this	1
after	1
to	1
numerous	1
great	1
reviews.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
Motorola	1
H500	1
that	1
was	1
ok,	1
but	1
very	1
loose	1
fitting.	1
I	1
don't	1
get	1
any	1
complaints	1
from	1
the	1
people	1
at	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
call	1
anymore,	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
good	1
volume	1
level	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
at	1
my	1
end.	1
It	1
is	1
return	1
only,	1
and	1
if	1
you	1
get	1
a	1
family	1
plan,	1
it	1
is	1
return	1
both	1
phones	1
only,	1
you	1
cannot	1
exchange,	1
and	1
their	1
customer	1
service	1
is	1
very	1
poor.	1
Kit	1
includes	1
two	1
tools	1
needed	1
to	1
open	1
iPod	1
case.	1
My	1
company	1
recently	1
switched	1
from	1
the	1
Blackberry	1
platform	1
to	1
Windows	1
Mobile.	1
It	1
does	1
everything	1
the	1
description	1
said	1
it	1
would.	1
1	1
Due	1
to	1
this	1
happening	1
on	1
every	1
call	1
I	1
was	1
forced	1
to	1
stop	1
using	1
this	1
headset.	1
0	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
a	1
car	1
charger,	1
especially	1
if	1
you	1
cannot	1
plug	1
in	1
two	1
adapters	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time.	1
1	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
expecting	1
an	1
OEM	1
life	1
but	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
6	1
weeks	1
the	1
battery	1
began	1
to	1
lose	1
holding	1
a	1
charge.	1
Out	1
of	1
5	1
different	1
phones	1
I	1
have	1
had,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best.	1
Verizon	1
tech	1
support	1
walked	1
my	1
through	1
a	1
few	1
procedures,	1
none	1
of	1
which	1
worked	1
and	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
having	1
to	1
do	1
a	1
hard	1
re-set,	1
wiping	1
out	1
all	1
my	1
data.	1
0	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
skeptical	1
about	1
this	1
product	1
until	1
I	1
acutally	1
tried	1
it	1
for	1
myself.	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
And	1
I	1
only	1
tried	1
one	1
way.	1
It	1
came	1
with	1
3	1
different	1
sets	1
of	1
ear	1
buds,	1
but	1
the	1
length	1
of	1
the	1
wrap-around	1
piece	1
cannot	1
be	1
changed.	1
WELL....I've	1
got	1
9month	1
old	1
twins,	1
a	1
three	1
year	1
old,	1
a	1
husband(!	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
clip	1
assembly	1
fell	1
apart	1
in	1
two	1
days.	1
$89.00	1
is	1
the	1
low	1
end	1
of	1
these	1
types	1
of	1
phones,	1
but	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
phone	1
works	1
very	1
well	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
quick	1
shipping~!	1
you	1
got	1
your	1
money's	1
worth...just	1
buy	1
the	1
real	1
one,	1
saves	1
you	1
a	1
headache	1
Got	1
another	1
type	1
with	1
one	1
ear	1
piece	1
with	1
soft	1
plug	1
and	1
it	1
much	1
better.	1
Looks	1
better	1
than	1
it	1
works.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
shape	1
of	1
it	1
as	1
opposed	1
to	1
the	1
rectangular	1
headsets.	1
i	1
don't	1
yet	1
know	1
if	1
this	1
charger	1
will	1
fit,	1
as	1
i	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
receive	1
it.	1
Now,	1
I'm	1
glad	1
I	1
did.	1
Voice	1
Quality,	1
Signal	1
Strength,	1
Dropped	1
Calls.	1
0	1
Mahalo	1
and	1
good	1
luck	1
with	1
your	1
seach	1
for	1
the	1
perfect	1
combo	1
in	1
your	1
area.	1
It	1
plays	1
louder	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
speaker	1
of	1
this	1
size;	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
so	1
low	1
that	1
most	1
would	1
think	1
the	1
quality	1
is	1
lacking,	1
however,	1
it's	1
not.	1
1	1
I	1
took	1
my	1
time.	1
Better	1
than	1
expected.	1
1	1
It	1
feels	1
poorly	1
constructed,	1
the	1
menus	1
are	1
difficult	1
to	1
navigate,	1
and	1
the	1
buttons	1
are	1
so	1
recessed	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
push	1
them.	1
0	1
For	1
years,	1
I've	1
used	1
a	1
Palm	1
for	1
that	1
purpose	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
see	1
anything	1
in	1
PhoneTools	1
that	1
supports	1
Palm.	1
Battery	1
is	1
holding	1
up	1
well.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
4	1
dollars,	1
Radio	1
Shack	1
is	1
40	1
bux,	1
You	1
choose..	1
The	1
Greyhound	1
bus	1
company	1
lost	1
my	1
brothers	1
Motorola	1
cell	1
phone	1
charger.	1
flaky	1
products.	1
Also	1
difficult	1
to	1
put	1
on.I'd	1
recommend	1
avoiding	1
this	1
product.	1
0	1
I	1
only	1
used	1
it	1
two	1
days,	1
and	1
it	1
wasn't	1
always	1
easy	1
to	1
hear	1
with.	1
0	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
and	1
not	1
even	1
after	1
a	1
week	1
the	1
charger	1
was	1
broken...I	1
went	1
to	1
plug	1
it	1
in	1
and	1
it	1
started	1
smoking.	1
0	1
The	1
first	1
pair	1
I	1
got	1
were	1
really	1
tight	1
on	1
my	1
head	1
and	1
maybe	1
that	1
is	1
why	1
they	1
broke	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
Do	1
not	1
use	1
this	1
holster	1
unless	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
lose	1
your	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Sprint	1
-	1
terrible	1
customer	1
service.	1
0	1
Since	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
power	1
inverter,	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
tiny	1
charging	1
cradle	1
hardwired	1
to	1
the	1
car,	1
and	1
therein	1
lies	1
the	1
quirk	1
Protect	1
your	1
expensive	1
meter	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
last.	1
The	1
noise	1
cancellation	1
feature	1
really	1
works	1
better	1
than	1
they	1
admit.	1
If	1
you	1
intend	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
phone	1
from	1
them	1
get	1
the	1
least	1
expensive	1
plan	1
first.	1
It's	1
a	1
Nokia	1
and	1
nobody	1
makes	1
a	1
phone	1
quite	1
a	1
well	1
as	1
they	1
do.Things	1
I	1
don't	1
like:1.	1
Linked	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
without	1
effort.	1
1	1
THey	1
are	1
so	1
cool!	1
1	1
If	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
fantastic	1
feature	1
of	1
Wi-Fi	1
capability	1
of	1
this	1
phone	1
without	1
a	1
data	1
plan,	1
DON'T	1
DO	1
IT.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use.	1
1	1
Better	1
Than	1
New.	1
1	1
Phone	1
Charger	1
Needed.	1
Both	1
channels	1
were	1
really	1
quiet	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
came	1
out	1
mono.	1
Back	1
to	1
square	1
one....	1
What	1
possesed	1
me	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
junk,	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
idea...	1
0	1
To	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
takes	1
some	1
doing,	1
at	1
least	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
in	1
right!	1
Piece	1
of	1
trash.	1
0	1
The	1
fit	1
is	1
just	1
fine	1
and	1
it's	1
easy	1
to	1
forget	1
you	1
even	1
have	1
it	1
on.	1
Not	1
bad	1
for	1
$6.	1
I	1
work	1
at	1
a	1
day	1
care	1
so	1
there	1
are	1
always	1
children	1
trying	1
to	1
touch	1
it.	1
It	1
works	1
best	1
inside	1
a	1
vehicle	1
with	1
the	1
windows	1
closed.	1
A	1
pretty	1
good	1
product.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone!.	1
1	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
resellerratings	1
website	1
and	1
discovered	1
how	1
horribly	1
they	1
are	1
doing	1
buisness	1
in	1
this	1
country.	1
i	1
changed	1
the	1
preferences	1
to	1
leave	1
it	1
backlit	1
while	1
in	1
use	1
and	1
have	1
not	1
seen	1
very	1
much	1
drain	1
on	1
the	1
battery,	1
but	1
the	1
phone	1
does	1
get	1
pretty	1
warm.	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
chance	1
that	1
these	1
ear	1
gels	1
wont	1
fit	1
your	1
ear	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
they	1
cost	1
it	1
is	1
worth	1
the	1
gamble.	1
For	1
the	1
price	1
on	1
Amazon,	1
it	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
product,	1
which	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend.	1
1	1
Their	1
Research	1
and	1
Development	1
division	1
obviously	1
knows	1
what	1
they're	1
doing.	1
1	1
The	1
real	1
killer	1
is	1
the	1
volume,	1
and	1
of	1
course	1
it	1
breaking.	1
0	1
Easy	1
to	1
set	1
upSupertooth	1
Light	1
Bluetooth	1
Handsfree	1
Speakerphone	1
Black	1
-	1
093744	1
Those	1
phones	1
are	1
working	1
just	1
fine	1
now.	1
1	1
I	1
am	1
more	1
than	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
even	1
try	1
the	1
bluetooth.	1
It's	1
now	1
3/27	1
and	1
the	1
skin	1
is	1
no	1
where	1
to	1
be	1
found.	1
Poor	1
Construction.	1
0	1
Not	1
Bad	1
but	1
could	1
be	1
better.	1
Replacement	1
battery..	1
It's	1
been	1
a	1
month	1
so	1
far	1
of	1
use	1
and	1
so	1
far,	1
so	1
good.	1
Why	1
did	1
I	1
buy	1
this	1
phone?	1
It	1
does	1
sometimes	1
get	1
a	1
little	1
static	1
depending	1
on	1
where	1
I	1
am.	1
I	1
could	1
see	1
it	1
even	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
turned	1
off.	1
Won't	1
stay	1
put.	1
I	1
had	1
an	1
LG	1
for	1
4	1
years	1
and	1
loved	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
dropped	1
it	1
many	1
times-	1
still	1
works.	1
This	1
is	1
infuriating.	1
0	1
But	1
other	1
than	1
that,	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
complaints	1
so	1
far.	1
thw	1
wire	1
is	1
very	1
fragile	1
and	1
loss	1
of	1
sound	1
due	1
to	1
bad	1
wire	1
connection	1
At	1
least	1
it	1
is	1
inexpensive.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
pain	1
to	1
try	1
to	1
turn	1
on	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
then	1
get	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
Comments	1
like,	1
"doesn't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge"	1
or	1
"it	1
doesn't	1
let	1
you	1
know	1
when	1
to	1
recharge	1
the	1
batteries"	1
are	1
totally	1
false!	1
But	1
the	1
major	1
problem	1
w/	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
that	1
after	1
a	1
year	1
or	1
in	1
my	1
case	1
8	1
months	1
the	1
sliding	1
mechanism	1
gives	1
out.	1
Poor	1
quality..	1
I	1
believe	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
a	1
fake	1
--	1
not	1
a	1
Plantronics.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
over	1
the	1
new	1
Walkman.	1
1	1
Sprint	1
charges	1
for	1
this	1
service.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
cheap,	1
and	1
it	1
feel	1
and	1
look	1
just	1
as	1
cheap.	1
0	1
It	1
fits	1
my	1
ear	1
well	1
and	1
is	1
comfortable	1
on.	1
1	1
It	1
doesn't	1
work	1
in	1
Europe	1
or	1
Asia.	1
0	1
clipping	1
this	1
to	1
your	1
belt	1
will	1
deffinitely	1
make	1
you	1
feel	1
like	1
50	1
cent's	1
up-and-coming.	1
1	1
They	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
sim	1
card	1
after	1
I	1
received	1
an	1
email	1
to	1
contact	1
the	1
sales	1
dept.	1
I	1
keep	1
mine	1
tucked	1
into	1
the	1
case	1
and	1
very	1
seldom	1
use	1
the	1
ear	1
phone	1
port	1
attachment.	1
I	1
like	1
design	1
and	1
look	1
of	1
Jabra	1
behing	1
the	1
ear	1
headsets	1
and	1
5020	1
is	1
pretty	1
comfortible	1
to	1
wear	1
24	1
hours	1
a	1
day	1
without	1
pain	1
in	1
the	1
ear.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
bought	1
cheap	1
earpieces	1
because	1
they	1
seem	1
to	1
last	1
at	1
least	1
6	1
months	1
before	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
replace	1
them	1
which	1
is	1
fine.	1
Expected	1
this	1
one	1
to	1
be	1
just	1
as	1
easy	1
to	1
install	1
and	1
delightful	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
was	1
amazed	1
at	1
the	1
quick	1
arrival	1
of	1
the	1
two	1
original	1
lg	1
cell	1
phone	1
batteries	1
and	1
and	1
at	1
a	1
fraction	1
of	1
the	1
price.	1
1	1
the	1
worst	1
phone	1
from	1
samsung...crap.....	1
this	1
crappy	1
Samsung	1
E715..	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
i	1
have	1
ever	1
seeen.	1
0	1
the	1
charger	1
worked	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
week	1
and	1
then	1
completely	1
stopped	1
charging	1
my	1
phone.	1
0	1
Poor	1
product.	1
0	1
However	1
I	1
needed	1
some	1
better	1
instructions.	1
0	1
You	1
need	1
two	1
hands	1
to	1
operate	1
the	1
screen.This	1
software	1
interface	1
is	1
decade	1
old	1
and	1
cannot	1
compete	1
with	1
new	1
software	1
designs.	1
0	1
Well	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
upset,	1
but	1
figured	1
I	1
must	1
have	1
done	1
something	1
wrong.	1
Worked	1
very	1
well	1
paired	1
with	1
a	1
Treo	1
700w	1
and	1
as	1
a	1
Skype	1
headset	1
on	1
my	1
PC	1
(using	1
a	1
USB	1
Bluetooth	1
transceiver).	1
1	1
She	1
said	1
"they	1
(Sprint)	1
don't	1
tell	1
you	1
that".	1
It	1
is	1
also	1
an	1
mp3	1
player,	1
a	1
digital	1
camera	1
and	1
camcorder	1
with	1
a	1
1.3	1
megapixel	1
lense.	1
Steer	1
clear	1
of	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
go	1
with	1
the	1
genuine	1
Palm	1
replacementr	1
pens,	1
which	1
come	1
in	1
a	1
three-pack.	1
0	1
It	1
works,	1
but.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUYIT	1
SUCKS	1
0	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product.....	1
sure	1
beats	1
using	1
your	1
fingers!.	1
1	1
Plus,	1
I	1
seriously	1
do	1
not	1
believe	1
it	1
is	1
worth	1
its	1
steep	1
price	1
point.	1
0	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
item	1
on	1
the	1
idea	1
that	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
main	1
piece	1
and	1
the	1
right	1
side.	1
Couldn't	1
say	1
no	1
thank	1
you.	1
All	1
the	1
other	1
cases	1
I've	1
tried	1
normally	1
fall	1
apart	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
in	1
for	1
the	1
long	1
haul.	1
1	1
If	1
you	1
get	1
yourself	1
a	1
100	1
m	1
bluetooth	1
adapter	1
then	1
u	1
can	1
roam	1
around	1
in	1
your	1
house	1
and	1
talk	1
and	1
hear	1
music	1
and	1
even	1
be	1
coonected	1
to	1
your	1
cellphone.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
fairly	1
awful	1
also..	1
but	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
if	1
T-Mobile	1
is	1
to	1
blame	1
or	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
just	1
really	1
bad.	1
What	1
are	1
you	1
all	1
talking	1
about?.	1
This	1
device	1
is	1
kinda	1
like	1
the	1
Honda	1
Accord.	1
Very	1
Dissapointing	1
Performance.	1
0	1
Don't	1
make	1
the	1
same	1
mistake	1
that	1
I	1
did	1
and	1
please	1
don't	1
buy	1
this	1
phone.	1
0	1
This	1
phone	1
might	1
well	1
be	1
the	1
worst	1
I've	1
ever	1
had	1
in	1
any	1
brand.	1
0	1
Case	1
was	1
more	1
or	1
less	1
an	1
extra	1
that	1
I	1
originally	1
put	1
on	1
but	1
later	1
discarded	1
because	1
it	1
scratched	1
my	1
ear.	1
0	1
I	1
recommend	1
iGo	1
to	1
anyone	1
with	1
different	1
brand	1
cell	1
phones/mp3	1
players	1
in	1
the	1
family.	1
1	1
Don't	1
bother	1
-	1
go	1
to	1
the	1
store.	1
0	1
**Give	1
a	1
good	1
sound	1
quality	1
compare	1
to	1
its	1
price.I	1
will	1
love	1
it	1
if	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
give	1
an	1
auto	1
reverse	1
problem	1
to	1
me!	1
My	1
husband	1
and	1
I	1
switched	1
companies	1
to	1
at&t	1
so	1
that	1
he	1
could	1
get	1
an	1
i-phone	1
and	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
too.	1
I	1
posted	1
more	1
detailed	1
comments	1
under	1
the	1
grey	1
or	1
black	1
phone,	1
but	1
i	1
have	1
the	1
Fire	1
Red	1
and	1
it's	1
a	1
great	1
color!	1
1	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
case	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
ago	1
and	1
found	1
it	1
to	1
meet	1
my	1
needs.	1
Both	1
phone	1
and	1
charger	1
work	1
fine.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
any	1
problem	1
with	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
would	1
order	1
it	1
again	1
if	1
needed.	1
1	1
Finally,	1
I	1
was	1
excited	1
about	1
this	1
model	1
because	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
phone.	1
He	1
still	1
thanks	1
me	1
once	1
in	1
a	1
while.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for	1
I	1
guess.	1
0	1
Not	1
only	1
did	1
the	1
software	1
do	1
a	1
great	1
job	1
of	1
this,	1
I	1
could	1
also	1
make	1
my	1
own	1
ringtones	1
form	1
my	1
existing	1
CDs	1
without	1
an	1
internet	1
connection.	1
1	1
im	1
surprised	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
quality	1
car	1
charger	1
and	1
there's	1
not	1
much	1
reviews	1
about	1
it.	1
1	1
These	1
are	1
fabulous!	1
1	1
I've	1
bought	1
another	1
brand	1
as	1
well	1
so	1
we'll	1
see	1
which	1
holds	1
up	1
the	1
longest.	1
However,	1
BT	1
headsets	1
are	1
currently	1
not	1
good	1
for	1
real	1
time	1
games	1
like	1
first-person	1
shooters	1
since	1
the	1
audio	1
delay	1
messes	1
me	1
up.	1
0	1
I	1
used	1
bitpim	1
(a	1
free	1
program	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
on	1
the	1
internet)to	1
transfer	1
data	1
to	1
the	1
phone.The	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
cable	1
was	1
excellent.	1
1	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
bt250	1
last	1
year	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
fine.	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
had	1
cases	1
for	1
my	1
cell	1
phones	1
because	1
they	1
do	1
protect	1
the	1
valuable	1
phone.	1
I	1
was	1
so	1
skeptical	1
to	1
spend	1
so	1
much	1
money	1
on	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Disappointing	1
accessory	1
from	1
a	1
good	1
manufacturer.	1
0	1
Performed	1
awful	1
--	1
muffled,	1
tinny	1
incoming	1
sound	1
and	1
severe	1
echo	1
for	1
those	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
call.	1
0	1
Very	1
wind-resistant.	1
1	1
No	1
problems.	1
Obviously	1
they	1
have	1
a	1
terrible	1
customer	1
service,	1
so	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
0	1
Good	1
sound	1
but....	1
Really	1
good	1
sound	1
and	1
anatomy,	1
but	1
it's	1
hard	1
to	1
connect	1
to	1
Nokia	1
Nseries	1
(N82,	1
N95,	1
N73)	1
that	1
are	1
the	1
best	1
cellphones	1
with	1
A2DP.	1
My	1
experience	1
was	1
rather	1
random.	1
They	1
do	1
not	1
last	1
forever,	1
but	1
is	1
not	1
overly	1
expensive	1
to	1
replace.Easy	1
to	1
operate	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
others	1
I	1
have	1
tried.	1
1	1
I	1
contacted	1
the	1
company	1
and	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
that,	1
although	1
the	1
unit	1
was	1
still	1
under	1
warranty,	1
if	1
I	1
couldn't	1
produce	1
my	1
receipt	1
I	1
was	1
out	1
of	1
luck.	1
0	1
I'm	1
not	1
one	1
to	1
trade	1
in	1
phones	1
twice	1
a	1
year	1
and	1
I	1
know	1
how	1
to	1
take	1
care	1
of	1
stuff	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
last.	1
Linksys	1
should	1
have	1
some	1
way	1
to	1
exchange	1
a	1
bad	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
refurb	1
unit	1
or	1
something!	1
0	1
USB	1
Cable	1
plus	1
software.	1
It's	1
possible	1
my	1
device	1
is	1
DOA.	1
Phone	1
is	1
sturdy	1
as	1
all	1
nokia	1
bar	1
phones	1
are.	1
1	1
Great	1
phone.	1
1	1
When	1
I	1
placed	1
my	1
treo	1
into	1
the	1
case,	1
not	1
only	1
was	1
it	1
NOT	1
snug,	1
but	1
there	1
was	1
A	1
LOT	1
of	1
extra	1
room	1
on	1
the	1
sides.	1
0	1
I'm	1
pleased.	1
1	1
Battery	1
is	1
terrible.	1
0	1
This	1
model,	1
the	1
C150,	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
4	1
Jabra	1
headsets	1
I	1
have	1
ordered.	1
Do	1
not	1
order	1
from	1
Accessoryone.	1
The	1
shinny	1
keypad	1
gets	1
scratched	1
pretty	1
easy.Bottomline:This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
with	1
T-Mobile's	1
1-year	1
contract.	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
product	1
to	1
be	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
and	1
use.	1
1	1
The	1
earpiece	1
on	1
this	1
is	1
too	1
large	1
or	1
too	1
heavy...it	1
keeps	1
falling	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
ear.	1
0	1
Utter	1
crap..	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
TERRIBLE.	1
0	1
The	1
charger	1
arrived	1
within	1
the	1
promised	1
timeframe,	1
but	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
0	1
compare	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
included	1
nokia	1
earpiece!	1
No	1
ear	1
loop	1
needed,	1
it's	1
tiny	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
great.	1
1	1
Finally,	1
after	1
three	1
or	1
four	1
times	1
the	1
spring	1
of	1
the	1
latch	1
broke	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
use	1
it	1
any	1
longer	1
on	1
the	1
visor.	1
0	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
a	1
lot,	1
between	1
calls	1
and	1
texts	1
and	1
listening	1
to	1
the	1
iTunes,	1
its	1
unbelievable	1
that	1
I	1
only	1
really	1
have	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
once	1
a	1
day.	1
I	1
write	1
"intended"	1
because	1
I	1
kept	1
the	1
old	1
battery	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
just	1
rotate	1
them.	1
The	1
handsfree	1
part	1
works	1
fine,	1
but	1
then	1
the	1
car	1
tries	1
to	1
download	1
the	1
address	1
book,	1
and	1
the	1
Treo	1
reboots.Overall,	1
I	1
still	1
rate	1
this	1
device	1
high.	1
1	1
Talk	1
about	1
USELESS	1
customer	1
service.	1
0	1
It	1
felt	1
too	1
light	1
and	1
"tinny.".	1
0	1
This	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
Palm	1
Tungsten	1
E2	1
and	1
it	1
broke	1
the	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
plug	1
it	1
in.	1
0	1
I'm	1
happy	1
about	1
this	1
purchase-	1
good	1
quality	1
and	1
low	1
price.	1
1	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
look	1
and	1
feel	1
of	1
Samsung	1
flipphones.	1
1	1
Its	1
well-designed	1
and	1
very	1
sharp	1
--	1
the	1
blue	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
nice	1
color.	1
1	1
Does	1
everything	1
it	1
should	1
and	1
more.	1
1	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
recommend	1
these	1
more.	1
0	1
Nice	1
Sound.	1
1	1
Looks	1
good	1
in	1
the	1
picture,	1
but	1
this	1
case	1
was	1
a	1
huge	1
disappointment!!	1
0	1
So	1
glad	1
I	1
didnt	1
pay	1
for	1
this	1
at	1
an	1
att	1
or	1
walmart	1
as	1
they	1
are	1
about	1
$20	1
there.	1
Much	1
less	1
than	1
the	1
jawbone	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
with.	1
1	1
Setup	1
went	1
very	1
smoothly.	1
1	1
its	1
extremely	1
slow	1
and	1
takes	1
forever	1
to	1
do	1
anything	1
with	1
it.	1
0	1
A	1
must	1
study	1
for	1
anyone	1
interested	1
in	1
the	1
"worst	1
sins"	1
of	1
industrial	1
design.	1
0	1
I	1
bought	1
from	1
accessory	1
one,	1
the	1
total	1
cost	1
was	1
about	1
$4.	1
The	1
first	1
thing	1
that	1
happened	1
was	1
that	1
the	1
tracking	1
was	1
off.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
well	1
made,	1
easy	1
to	1
access	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
has	1
a	1
handy,	1
detachable	1
belt	1
clip.	1
1	1
The	1
little	1
part	1
where	1
you	1
press	1
the	1
buttons	1
to	1
choose	1
the	1
station	1
is	1
super	1
sensitive.	1
I	1
didn't	1
buy	1
into	1
the	1
Razor	1
fad	1
when	1
it	1
first	1
came	1
out.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
switch	1
the	1
meter	1
leads	1
(black	1
on	1
red;	1
red	1
on	1
black),	1
to	1
obtain	1
a	1
normal	1
voltage	1
reading,	1
then	1
the	1
solar	1
collector	1
is	1
wired	1
backwards.	1
Then	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
continue	1
pairing	1
it	1
periodically	1
since	1
it	1
somehow	1
kept	1
dropping.	1
0	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
an	1
rural	1
area	1
and	1
my	1
calls	1
drop	1
constantly.	1
Can't	1
upload	1
ringtones	1
from	1
a	1
third	1
party.	1
0	1
Bluetooth	1
does	1
not	1
work,	1
phone	1
locks	1
up,	1
screens	1
just	1
flash	1
up	1
and	1
now	1
it	1
just	1
makes	1
calls	1
randomly	1
while	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
locked.	1
0	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
HOT!	1
Truly	1
awful.	1
0	1
It	1
works	1
fine	1
on	1
my	1
Motorola	1
325	1
cellphone,	1
and	1
a	1
lot	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
worn-out	1
battery	1
did.	1
1	1
The	1
volume	1
for	1
the	1
ringer	1
is	1
REAL	1
good	1
(you	1
have	1
choices	1
how	1
loud).	1
1	1
And	1
none	1
of	1
the	1
tones	1
is	1
acceptable.	1
0	1
camera	1
color	1
balance	1
is	1
AWFUL.	1
0	1
The	1
Nokia	1
E62	1
has	1
a	1
2.5mm	1
headphone	1
jack	1
and	1
not	1
the	1
pop	1
port	1
shown	1
on	1
this	1
accessory.	1
it	1
fits	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
side,	1
so	1
that's	1
a	1
little	1
goofy,	1
but	1
you	1
still	1
have	1
functionality	1
when	1
it's	1
plugged	1
in.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
clearly	1
not	1
ready	1
for	1
prime	1
time,	1
I	1
don't	1
care	1
how	1
cool	1
it	1
looks,	1
if	1
you	1
can't	1
tell	1
a	1
call	1
is	1
coming	1
in	1
it's	1
worthless.	1
0	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
ringtones	1
because	1
they	1
are	1
so	1
upbeat!	1
1	1
Chinese	1
Forgeries	1
Abound!.	1
0	1
Easy	1
to	1
pair	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
Cell.	1
1	1
The	1
instructions	1
didn't	1
explain	1
that	1
a	1
microphone	1
jack	1
could	1
be	1
used.	1
0	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
going	1
back	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
phone,	1
which	1
is	1
almost	1
2	1
years	1
old...	1
but	1
a	1
much	1
nicer	1
handset.	1
i	1
would	1
advise	1
to	1
not	1
purchase	1
this	1
item	1
it	1
never	1
worked	1
very	1
well.	1
0	1
Too	1
bad	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
up	1
to	1
$$$	1
a	1
month	1
for	1
the	1
service!	1
0	1
The	1
CellSuit	1
is	1
completely	1
custom-fitted	1
for	1
this	1
particular	1
phone	1
and...well...fits	1
like	1
you	1
know	1
what.	1
The	1
phone	1
has	1
PCS	1
web	1
access.	1
Works	1
well.	1
1	1
Sure	1
it	1
would	1
if	1
I	1
paid	1
a	1
fortune	1
for	1
shipping,	1
but	1
then	1
getting	1
it	1
cheaper	1
on	1
this	1
site	1
would	1
have	1
it's	1
purpose	1
defeated.	1
The	1
nokia	1
CA-42	1
USB	1
cable	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
0	1
Clear	1
crisp	1
sound.	1
1	1
I	1
was	1
so	1
excited	1
to	1
receive	1
this	1
as	1
the	1
battery	1
I	1
got	1
with	1
my	1
Treo	1
680	1
was	1
dying	1
so	1
quickly.	1
20	1
Amps	1
max	1
fuse	1
in	1
back,	1
option	1
to	1
plug	1
into	1
existing	1
port	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
or	1
hard	1
wire	1
it	1
for	1
permanent	1
installation.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
smallest	1
earpieces	1
provided,	1
but	1
it	1
stays	1
on	1
pretty	1
well.	1
1	1
The	1
biggest	1
complaint	1
I	1
have	1
is,	1
the	1
battery	1
drains	1
superfast.	1
0	1
The	1
design	1
might	1
be	1
ergonomic	1
in	1
theory	1
but	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
stand	1
having	1
these	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
0	1
Do	1
NOT	1
buy	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
holster.	1
0	1
The	1
phone	1
can	1
also	1
take	1
great	1
pictures	1
and	1
even	1
video	1
clips.	1
1	1
It's	1
really	1
intended	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
personal	1
organizer.The	1
unit	1
itself	1
feels	1
quite	1
sturdy,	1
but	1
keep	1
in	1
mind	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
quite	1
large	1
LCD	1
screen.	1
The	1
distance	1
is	1
about	1
30	1
feet.	1
After	1
using	1
this	1
stylus	1
the	1
orginal	1
will	1
fit	1
looser	1
in	1
the	1
Treo.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
make	1
you	1
look	1
cool.	1
0	1
connects	1
quickly	1
and	1
reliably,	1
but	1
when	1
i	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
pocket	1
pc	1
it	1
conflicts	1
with	1
my	1
stowaway	1
mouse	1
causing	1
it	1
to	1
intermittently	1
disconnect.	1
Because	1
both	1
ears	1
are	1
occupied,	1
background	1
is	1
not	1
distracting	1
at	1
all.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
whole	1
list	1
and	1
can	1
go	1
on	1
and	1
on.	1
I	1
didn't	1
hear	1
from	1
them	1
after	1
that.	1
Comfortable	1
fit	1
-	1
you	1
need	1
your	1
headset	1
to	1
be	1
comfortable	1
for	1
at	1
least	1
an	1
hour	1
at	1
a	1
time,	1
if	1
not	1
for	1
an	1
entire	1
day.	1
1	1
Also,	1
the	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
seem	1
to	1
accept	1
anything	1
except	1
CBR	1
mp3s,	1
preferably	1
ripped	1
by	1
Windows	1
Media	1
Player.	1
0	1
You	1
can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price	1
on	1
these.	1
1	1
On	1
my	1
phone,	1
this	1
button	1
activates	1
the	1
camera	1
phone	1
feature.	1
*	1
Comes	1
with	1
a	1
strong	1
light	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
to	1
light	1
up	1
your	1
camera	1
shots,	1
and	1
even	1
flash	1
SOS	1
signals	1
(seriously!	1
1	1
lightweight	1
and	1
works	1
well.	1
1	1
So	1
just	1
beware.	1
0	1
)One	1
thing	1
about	1
the	1
Motorolas	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
cable	1
-	1
it	1
allows	1
me	1
to	1
connect	1
any	1
mini-USB	1
device	1
to	1
my	1
PC.	1
1	1
So	1
anyone	1
near	1
you	1
will	1
hear	1
part	1
of	1
your	1
conversation.	1
0	1
I	1
too	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
(	1
sprint)	1
when	1
old	1
contract	1
other	1
crappy	1
company	1
(	1
very	1
bad	1
This	1
is	1
cool	1
because	1
most	1
cases	1
are	1
just	1
open	1
there	1
allowing	1
the	1
screen	1
to	1
get	1
all	1
scratched	1
up.	1
1	1
Phone	1
went	1
through	1
power	1
cycles	1
when	1
I	1
pushed	1
the	1
send	1
button	1
trying	1
to	1
call	1
people.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
my	1
StarTac	1
and	1
have	1
regretted	1
it	1
since.	1
0	1
Appears	1
to	1
actually	1
outperform	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
from	1
China	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
V325i.	1
1	1
However	1
the	1
fit	1
for	1
me	1
is	1
not	1
snug	1
because	1
I	1
wear	1
spectacles,	1
otherwise	1
it	1
works	1
well.	1
Can't	1
store	1
anything	1
but	1
phone	1
numbers	1
to	1
SIM.	1
0	1
Who	1
would	1
have	1
guessed??.	1
It	1
lasts	1
less	1
than	1
3o	1
minutes,	1
if	1
I	1
actually	1
try	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
phone.My	1
wife	1
has	1
the	1
same	1
phone	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
problem.	1
0	1
Poor	1
quality.	1
0	1
I	1
mean	1
come	1
on	1
for	1
30	1
some	1
bucks	1
what	1
could	1
you	1
expect	1
right?	1
jabra	1
ear	1
gels	1
"R"	1
the	1
best!.	1
1	1
Not	1
worth	1
it.	1
0	1
Almost	1
As	1
Good	1
As	1
the	1
Original	1
LG	1
Battery.	1
The	1
phone	1
crashed	1
completely	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
replaced.	1
0	1
It	1
quit	1
working	1
after	1
I'd	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
18	1
months,	1
so	1
I	1
just	1
purchased	1
another	1
one	1
because	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
headset	1
I've	1
ever	1
owned.	1
1	1
Unfortunately	1
it	1
will	1
not	1
recharge	1
my	1
iPhone	1
4s,	1
despite	1
connecting	1
it	1
from	1
multiple	1
power	1
sources	1
(iMac,	1
external	1
battery,	1
wall	1
outlet,	1
etc).	1
0	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
just	1
what	1
I	1
ordered	1
if	1
you	1
simply	1
want	1
a	1
small	1
flip	1
phone	1
--	1
look	1
elsewhere	1
as	1
the	1
extra	1
bells	1
&	1
whistles	1
are	1
mediocre.	1
0	1
Good	1
value,	1
works	1
fine	1
-	1
power	1
via	1
USB,	1
car,	1
or	1
wall	1
outlet.	1
1	1
The	1
same	1
was	1
true	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung.	1
My	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
slide	1
around	1
my	1
car	1
now	1
and	1
the	1
grip	1
prevents	1
my	1
phone	1
from	1
slipping	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
hand.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
simply	1
the	1
BEST	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
sound	1
quality!	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
it!	1
Think	1
it	1
over	1
when	1
you	1
plan	1
to	1
own	1
this	1
one!This	1
sure	1
is	1
the	1
last	1
MOTO	1
phone	1
for	1
me!	1
0	1
The	1
new	1
one	1
did	1
the	1
same	1
thing.	1
In	1
the	1
span	1
of	1
an	1
hour,	1
I	1
had	1
two	1
people	1
exclaim	1
"Whoa	1
-	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
new	1
phone	1
on	1
TV?!?	1
1	1
In	1
hindsight,	1
that	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
a	1
nice	1
feature.	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
used	1
corded	1
headsets	1
and	1
the	1
freedom	1
from	1
the	1
wireless	1
is	1
very	1
helpful.	1
1	1
After	1
2	1
weeks	1
it	1
has	1
loosened	1
up	1
and	1
is	1
more	1
user	1
friendly.	1
This	1
case	1
has	1
passed	1
the	1
one	1
year	1
mark	1
and	1
while	1
it	1
shows	1
signs	1
of	1
wear,	1
it	1
is	1
100%	1
functional.	1
1	1
It	1
says	1
Brand	1
new	1
OEM	1
but	1
it	1
lasted	1
for	1
few	1
hours	1
and	1
now	1
this	1
battery	1
is	1
similar	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
one.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
the	1
leather	1
is	1
nice	1
and	1
soft;	1
the	1
fit	1
is	1
very	1
tight;	1
the	1
cut	1
out	1
for	1
the	1
face	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
shape.	1
1	1
It	1
has	1
everything	1
I	1
need	1
and	1
I	1
couldn't	1
ask	1
for	1
more.	1
1	1
After	1
receiving	1
and	1
using	1
the	1
product	1
for	1
just	1
2	1
days	1
it	1
broke.	1
0	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
ear	1
pieces	1
for	1
my	1
8260	1
phone.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
great...	1
it	1
makes	1
working	1
a	1
lot	1
easier	1
I	1
can	1
go	1
to	1
the	1
copier	1
while	1
waiting	1
on	1
hold	1
for	1
something.	1
1	1
After	1
4	1
days	1
of	1
not	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
internet	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
out	1
and	1
buy	1
a	1
Novatel	1
pc	1
card.	1
Motorola	1
Cell	1
Stick.	1
Good	1
product	1
to	1
address	1
a	1
design	1
problem.	1
None	1
of	1
the	1
three	1
sizes	1
they	1
sent	1
with	1
the	1
headset	1
would	1
stay	1
in	1
my	1
ears.	1
0	1
T-Mobile	1
has	1
the	1
best	1
customer	1
service	1
anywhere.	1
1	1
The	1
tuner	1
card	1
inserts	1
fairly	1
easily	1
and	1
snaps	1
in	1
reassuringly,	1
but	1
you're	1
unlikely	1
to	1
actually	1
pick	1
up	1
any	1
stations.	1
Arrived	1
quickly	1
and	1
much	1
less	1
expensive	1
than	1
others	1
being	1
sold.	1
1	1
The	1
case	1
fit	1
perfectly	1
and	1
was	1
very	1
thin	1
compared	1
to	1
other	1
cases	1
I	1
looked	1
at.	1
We	1
have	1
tried	1
2	1
units	1
and	1
they	1
both	1
failed	1
within	1
2	1
months..	1
Pros	1
0	1
Provides	1
good	1
protection	1
and	1
looks	1
classy,	1
too.	1
1	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
christmas.	1
I	1
did	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
by	1
placing	1
the	1
antenna	1
outside	1
where	1
the	1
signal	1
was	1
marginal	1
but	1
would	1
support	1
a	1
normal	1
phone	1
connection.	1
Nice	1
Product,	1
Poor	1
Quality.	1
This	1
mount	1
is	1
actually	1
great	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
two	1
days.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
have	1
it	1
directly	1
over	1
your	1
mouth	1
in	1
order	1
for	1
others	1
to	1
hear	1
you.	1
The	1
good	1
things	1
end	1
there!	1
Krussel	1
Always	1
good.	1
1	1
A	1
1GB	1
microSD	1
card	1
costs	1
about	1
$25.-	1
Ships	1
with	1
mono	1
headphone	1
jack	1
(not	1
2	1
ear	1
headphones)-	1
Non-standard	1
headphone	1
jack.	1
The	1
tracfonewebsite	1
is	1
user	1
friendly	1
and	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
toactivate,	1
etc.	1
1	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
very	1
good.4.	1
1	1
After	1
scratching	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
minutes,	1
the	1
gunk	1
went	1
away.	1
I	1
only	1
tried	1
using	1
it	1
out	1
of	1
curiousity	1
because	1
of	1
some	1
other	1
reviews.	1
I	1
great	1
reception	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
1	1
The	1
phone,	1
eh,	1
not	1
the	1
best,	1
but	1
with	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
or	1
hands-free,	1
it's	1
fine.I	1
will	1
never	1
be	1
without	1
my	1
Sidekick	1
again!	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
1	1
Couldn't	1
use	1
the	1
unit	1
with	1
sunglasses,	1
not	1
good	1
in	1
Texas!	1
0	1
It	1
dit	1
not	1
work	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
with	1
my	1
Nokia	1
5320.	1
0	1
Great	1
PDA,	1
Bad	1
Phone.	1
Had	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
from	1
Samsung	1
website.	1
Bought	1
mainly	1
for	1
the	1
charger,	1
which	1
broke	1
soon	1
after	1
purchasing.	1
0	1
For	1
the	1
record,	1
I'm	1
using	1
the	1
smallest	1
gel.	1
If	1
you	1
like	1
a	1
loud	1
buzzing	1
to	1
override	1
all	1
your	1
conversations,	1
then	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
for	1
you!	1
0	1
Fantastic	1
buy	1
and	1
will	1
get	1
again	1
for	1
whatever	1
my	1
next	1
phone	1
is	1
1	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
store,	1
be	1
careful.	1
0	1
BR50	1
Motorola	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Battery.	1
This	1
BlueAnt	1
Supertooth	1
hands-free	1
phone	1
speaker	1
is	1
AWESOME.	1
1	1
So	1
nice	1
in	1
fact,	1
my	1
dog	1
decided	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
better	1
chew	1
toy	1
than	1
phone	1
case.	1
Let	1
me	1
sum	1
it	1
all	1
up	1
right	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
my	1
new	1
Plantronics	1
Explorer	1
330	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
and	1
am	1
satisfied	1
but	1
not	1
ecstatic.	1
Does	1
not	1
fit.	1
0	1
You	1
can	1
find	1
the	1
authentic	1
for	1
the	1
same	1
price.	1
....	1
Item	1
arrived	1
quickly	1
and	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
my	1
Metro	1
PCS	1
Samsung	1
SCH-r450	1
slider	1
phone	1
and	1
Sony	1
Premium	1
Sound	1
in	1
ear	1
plugs.	1
1	1
It	1
is	1
light,	1
has	1
plenty	1
of	1
battery	1
capacity,	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
confortable	1
to	1
wear	1
for	1
somewhat	1
extended	1
periods	1
of	1
time.	1
1	1
disappointing.	1
0	1
Blue	1
Ant	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
1	1
Since	1
that	1
is	1
about	1
the	1
length	1
of	1
the	1
wires	1
connecting	1
the	1
two	1
devices,	1
options	1
for	1
placement	1
on	1
the	1
desktop	1
become	1
limited.	1
Cheap	1
but	1
hey	1
it	1
works..	1
Was	1
pleasantly	1
suprised	1
given	1
the	1
low	1
cost	1
of	1
this	1
item.	1
1	1
The	1
camera	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
may	1
be	1
used	1
as	1
a	1
dustpan	1
when	1
indoors...	1
I'd	1
rather	1
be	1
using	1
a	1
disposable	1
then	1
this.	1
0	1
Very	1
comfortable	1
after	1
adjustment.3.	1
Then	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
later	1
the	1
a	1
puff	1
of	1
smoke	1
came	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
while	1
in	1
use.	1
0	1
The	1
headset	1
worked	1
well	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
10	1
times	1
that	1
I	1
tried	1
it.	1
While	1
the	1
Sony	1
headphones	1
are	1
not	1
immune	1
to	1
wind	1
noise,	1
the	1
sound	1
level	1
from	1
the	1
wind	1
is	1
much	1
lower	1
than	1
with	1
the	1
S9.	1
GPS+phone	1
gprs+whifi+bluetooth+windows	1
mobile	1
5+.....	1
everythink	1
included	1
in	1
term	1
of	1
needed	1
functionality.	1
Not	1
bad	1
for	1
the	1
cost.	1
It's	1
very	1
convenient	1
and	1
simple	1
to	1
use	1
-	1
gets	1
job	1
done	1
&	1
makes	1
the	1
car	1
ride	1
so	1
much	1
smoother.	1
1	1
The	1
nano	1
stated	1
it.My	1
son	1
was	1
dissapointed.	1
0	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
expensive	1
than	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
should	1
be	1
for	1
the	1
basic	1
features	1
it	1
has,	1
but	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
chance.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent	1
as	1
well.	1
1	1
Its	1
the	1
best	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
used.	1
1	1
NO	1
ADAPTERS.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
battery	1
that	1
Palm	1
installs	1
in	1
the	1
Treo	1
when	1
you	1
purchase	1
it.	1
Would	1
not	1
reccommend.	1
0	1
They	1
have	1
been	1
around	1
for	1
years	1
and	1
carries	1
the	1
highest	1
quality	1
of	1
anti-glare	1
screen	1
protector	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
to	1
date.	1
1	1
And	1
No	1
Camera	1
(Who	1
needs	1
a	1
camera	1
on	1
a	1
cellphone	1
anyway?	1
Just	1
what	1
I	1
wanted.	1
1	1
This	1
particular	1
model	1
would	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Q	1
smartphone.	1
0	1
wont	1
work	1
right	1
or	1
atleast	1
for	1
me.	1
0	1
in	1
addition	1
it	1
feels	1
&amp;	1
looks	1
as	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
all	1
lightweight	1
cheap	1
plastic.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
the	1
phone	1
extensively	1
since	1
I	1
replaced	1
the	1
old	1
battery.	1
But	1
now	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
"out	1
of	1
warranty"	1
the	1
same	1
problems	1
reoccure.Bottom	1
line...	1
put	1
your	1
money	1
somewhere	1
else...	1
Cingular	1
will	1
not	1
support	1
it.	1
0	1
I	1
really	1
wanted	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
510	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
right	1
one,	1
but	1
it	1
has	1
too	1
many	1
issues	1
for	1
me.The	1
good	1
0	1
So	1
now	1
they	1
are	1
sending	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
sinces	1
its	1
still	1
on	1
its	1
warranty.	1
Great	1
product.	1
1	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
that	1
keeps	1
it	1
from	1
being	1
perfect	1
in	1
my	1
eyes	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
long	1
enough.	1
Crisp	1
and	1
Clear.	1
1	1
AFter	1
the	1
first	1
charge	1
kept	1
going	1
dead	1
after	1
12	1
minutes.	1
0	1
VERY	1
cheap	1
plastic,	1
creaks	1
like	1
an	1
old	1
wooden	1
floor.	1
0	1
I	1
get	1
absolutely	1
horrible	1
reception	1
in	1
my	1
apartment,	1
where	1
with	1
other	1
phones	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
this	1
problem.	1
0	1
The	1
reception	1
has	1
been	1
generally	1
good.	1
1	1
Excellent	1
sound,	1
battery	1
life	1
and	1
inconspicuous	1
to	1
boot!.	1
1	1
Great	1
bluetooth!.	1
1	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
zune	1
and	1
my	1
camera.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
case.	1
1	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
a	1
silver	1
RAZR	1
for	1
2	1
months	1
and	1
here	1
are	1
my	1
conclusions:THE	1
BAD:-	1
BROKE!!	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
1	1
I	1
actually	1
own	1
a	1
720i,	1
which	1
is	1
almost	1
the	1
same	1
phone.	1
Now,	1
my	1
follow-up	1
emails	1
go	1
unresponded.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
deal.	1
1	1
yet.If	1
you	1
value,	1
programs/software	1
on	1
a	1
cellphone,	1
this	1
is	1
probably	1
not	1
what	1
you're	1
looking	1
for	1
(go	1
for	1
Nokia,	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
I	1
know).	1
Upon	1
closer	1
examination,	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
the	1
date	1
marked	1
on	1
the	1
"new"	1
battery	1
was	1
3	1
years	1
ago.	1
After	1
my	1
phone	1
got	1
to	1
be	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
old,	1
it's	1
been	1
slowly	1
breaking	1
despite	1
much	1
care	1
on	1
my	1
part.	1
0	1
Sick	1
of	1
CDs,	1
nothing	1
good	1
on	1
the	1
radio,	1
plus	1
my	1
normal	1
day	1
consists	1
of	1
1.5	1
hours	1
of	1
driving.	1
I	1
am	1
sorry	1
I	1
made	1
this	1
purchase.	1
0	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
hoping	1
I	1
could	1
make	1
my	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
fit	1
better	1
but	1
these	1
things	1
made	1
it	1
impossible	1
to	1
wear.	1
0	1
Plantronics	1
Battery.	1
Treo	1
and	1
T-Mobile	1
refused	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
again	1
and	1
forced	1
me	1
to	1
buy	1
another	1
phone	1
without	1
any	1
kind	1
of	1
upgrade	1
discount.	1
0	1
Really	1
difficult	1
to	1
find	1
and	1
keep	1
a	1
comfortable	1
"sweet	1
spot."2.	1
It	1
was	1
horrible!.	1
0	1
It	1
feels	1
like	1
a	1
brick	1
in	1
those	1
cases.	1
I	1
had	1
not	1
had	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
years.	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
it	1
would	1
hold	1
it	1
too	1
securly	1
on	1
your	1
belt.	1
0	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
any	1
worse	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
visor-mounted	1
hands-free	1
device.	1
Great	1
Phone	1
but	1
Horrible	1
Service.	1
This	1
allows	1
the	1
possibility	1
of	1
double	1
booking	1
for	1
the	1
same	1
date	1
and	1
time	1
after	1
the	1
first.	1
0	1
They	1
work	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
then	1
break.	1
0	1
As	1
the	1
title	1
says.	1
It	1
is	1
simple	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
I	1
like	1
it.	1
1	1
Prior	1
to	1
owning	1
the	1
Razr	1
I	1
owned	1
a	1
Sidekick	1
II	1
and	1
was	1
a	1
t-mobile	1
customer.	1
It's	1
a	1
great	1
tool	1
for	1
entertainment,	1
communication,	1
and	1
data	1
management.Oh,	1
be	1
sure	1
to	1
use	1
ActiveSync	1
4.2	1
for	1
optimal	1
data	1
synchronization	1
results!	1
1	1
I	1
actually	1
tossed	1
my	1
high	1
dollar	1
jaw	1
bone	1
for	1
this	1
one.	1
The	1
replacement	1
set	1
Amazon	1
sent	1
had	1
the	1
same	1
problem	1
which	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
fix	1
with	1
super	1
glue.	1
I	1
can't	1
use	1
this	1
case	1
because	1
the	1
smell	1
is	1
disgusting.	1
0	1
NOT	1
WHAT	1
I	1
WANTED.	1
0	1
I	1
own	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
cases	1
and	1
would	1
order	1
another.	1
1	1
Installed	1
on	1
Audiovox	1
XV6600.	1
For	1
example,	1
when	1
you	1
miss	1
a	1
call,	1
you	1
usually	1
want	1
to	1
know	1
WHO	1
called	1
and	1
THEN	1
check	1
voicemail.	1
Great	1
Phone.	1
1	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
thin	1
strap	1
to	1
wear	1
down	1
nor	1
clasp	1
that	1
unfastens.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
I	1
found	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
really	1
poor	1
camera	1
and	1
tiny	1
screen.	1
Phone	1
doesn't	1
matter	1
if	1
carrier's	1
service	1
is	1
atrocious.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
battery	1
with	1
a	1
coupon	1
from	1
Amazon	1
and	1
I'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
1	1
The	1
internet	1
access	1
was	1
fine,	1
it	1
the	1
rare	1
instance	1
that	1
it	1
worked.	1
0	1
It	1
seems	1
that	1
the	1
unit	1
can	1
be	1
over-charged.	1
Recently	1
got	1
rid	1
of	1
my	1
smart	1
phone	1
after	1
realizing	1
I	1
really	1
didn't	1
need	1
it	1
and	1
picked	1
up	1
this	1
Ericsson.	1
Is	1
it	1
worth	1
the	1
money?	1
Regardless	1
of	1
whether	1
I	1
end	1
up	1
with	1
something	1
that	1
works	1
satisfactorily	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
had	1
not	1
purchased	1
this	1
product.	1
We	1
tried	1
the	1
phone	1
contact,	1
it	1
was	1
down	1
with	1
heavy	1
traffic,	1
or	1
involved	1
a	1
long	1
wait.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
the	1
PS3.	1
1	1
Five	1
star	1
Plus,	1
plus.	1
1	1
A	1
good	1
quality	1
bargain..	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
after	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
cheapy	1
from	1
Big	1
Lots	1
that	1
sounded	1
awful	1
and	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
me.	1
1	1
$50	1
Down	1
the	1
drain.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
only	1
had	1
this	1
product	1
for	1
2	1
weeks	1
now	1
so	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
time	1
to	1
abuse	1
it,	1
but	1
so	1
far	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
great!	1
The	1
warning	1
on	1
the	1
box	1
tells	1
you	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
open	1
the	1
box	1
you	1
can't	1
return	1
it.This	1
software	1
is	1
useless	1
if	1
it	1
won't	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
tried	1
talking	1
real	1
loud	1
but	1
shouting	1
on	1
the	1
telephone	1
gets	1
old	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
still	1
told	1
it	1
wasn't	1
great.	1
0	1
This	1
crazy	1
phone	1
will	1
frequently	1
go	1
from	1
full-scale	1
signal	1
to	1
dropping	1
a	1
call	1
while	1
standing	1
in	1
one	1
place.	1
I	1
have	1
repeatedly	1
done	1
Master	1
Resets	1
with	1
no	1
luck.	1
It	1
had	1
static	1
everywhere	1
on	1
every	1
station.	1
Good	1
,	1
works	1
fine.	1
1	1
For	1
the	1
price	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
deal.	1
1	1
Unfortunately	1
it	1
doesn't)Voice	1
Quality	1
-	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
HS820	1
works	1
better	1
with	1
the	1
6230	1
than	1
V551.	1
I530-AWEFUL!!!!.	1
Great	1
price,	1
too!	1
1	1
It	1
looks	1
bulky	1
and	1
heavy,	1
but	1
the	1
unit	1
is	1
very	1
light.	1
No	1
matter	1
how	1
much	1
time	1
I	1
charge	1
it,	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
more	1
than	1
a	1
few	1
hours	1
of	1
run	1
time	1
from	1
it.	1
The	1
K1m	1
Locks	1
up	1
for	1
no	1
reason	1
without	1
any	1
warning	1
at	1
all.	1
It	1
did	1
not	1
even	1
look	1
new	1
when	1
I	1
received	1
it.	1
If	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
wind,	1
it	1
is	1
completely	1
useless.	1
0	1
Once	1
the	1
CS50	1
ones	1
break	1
(which	1
will	1
be	1
soon)	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
replacing	1
them	1
all	1
with	1
the	1
CS-55!	1
Yes	1
it's	1
shiny	1
on	1
front	1
side	1
-	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it!	1
1	1
Does	1
Not	1
Work.	1
0	1
It's	1
not	1
the	1
phone	1
because	1
the	1
old	1
battery	1
lasts	1
for	1
days.	1
That	1
was	1
the	1
only	1
reason.	1
Phone	1
comes	1
with	1
Windows	1
Mobile	1
5,	1
but	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
most	1
recent	1
build	1
date????	1
I	1
admit	1
-	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
gamble.	1
At	1
first	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
grtting	1
a	1
good	1
deal	1
at	1
$7.44,	1
until	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
into	1
my	1
phone	1
(V3c	1
Razr).	1
0	1
I	1
HAD	1
to	1
have	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
hate	1
it.	1
The	1
reception	1
through	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
excellent.	1
1	1
2	1
thumbs	1
up	1
to	1
this	1
seller	1
1	1
),	1
and	1
Nintendo	1
DS	1
Lite	1
(This	1
tip	1
also	1
powers	1
the	1
Garmin	1
Nuvi).	1
Great	1
idea	1
but	1
still	1
far	1
away	1
from	1
a	1
perfect	1
BT	1
headset.	1
Arrived	1
faily	1
quick.	1
Well	1
AMAZON,	1
you	1
can	1
start	1
here	1
The	1
second	1
time	1
(dumb	1
me!	1
Phones	1
usually	1
dont	1
last	1
me	1
more	1
than	1
6	1
months!	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Verizon	1
LG	1
phone	1
and	1
they	1
work	1
well	1
together,	1
good	1
reception	1
and	1
range	1
that	1
exceeds	1
20	1
feet	1
line	1
of	1
sight.	1
1	1
Improper	1
description....	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
0	1
#1	1
It	1
Works	1
-	1
#2	1
It	1
is	1
Comfortable.	1
1	1
Battery	1
charge-life	1
is	1
quite	1
long.	1
1	1
I	1
would	1
suggest	1
ordering	1
a	1
case,	1
the	1
shiny	1
black	1
outershell	1
just	1
seems	1
like	1
it	1
may	1
scratch	1
easily.	1
There	1
about	1
6	1
of	1
us	1
using	1
them	1
at	1
work	1
every	1
day.	1
The	1
Jabra	1
EarGels	1
fit	1
my	1
ears	1
very	1
well.	1
1	1
Battery	1
has	1
no	1
life.	1
0	1
but	1
here's	1
the	1
thing	1
I	1
checked	1
everywhere	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
feature	1
for	1
it	1
which	1
is	1
really	1
disappointing.	1
0	1
The	1
screen	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
always	1
dark,	1
and	1
in	1
the	1
sunlight	1
you	1
cant	1
see	1
anything,	1
on	1
either.	1
Stereo	1
Headphone	1
Adaptor.	1
The	1
"hands	1
free"	1
HF820	1
was	1
highly	1
recommended	1
by	1
the	1
Motorola	1
sales	1
person	1
after	1
I	1
purchased	1
my	1
new	1
KRZR	1
phone	1
from	1
US	1
Cellular.	1
Product	1
is	1
exactly	1
as	1
described.	1
1	1
Gets	1
a	1
signal	1
when	1
other	1
Verizon	1
phones	1
won't.	1
1	1
Another	1
great	1
feature	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
change	1
the	1
appearance	1
of	1
the	1
numbers	1
that	1
display	1
while	1
dialing	1
a	1
phone	1
number.	1
Thanks	1
Verizon!	1
Works	1
but	1
has	1
major	1
flaws.	1
The	1
battery	1
ships	1
with	1
a	1
wrong	1
door,	1
that	1
actually	1
blocks	1
the	1
built	1
in	1
camera.	1
The	1
others	1
ultimately	1
ended	1
up	1
in	1
non-salvageable	1
condition.This	1
particular	1
case	1
is	1
well	1
made,	1
better	1
than	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
others	1
I've	1
used.	1
After	1
all	1
that,	1
including	1
the	1
waiting,	1
I	1
was	1
informed	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
in	1
stock.	1
It	1
folds	1
up	1
nicely	1
and	1
fits	1
in	1
a	1
shirt	1
pocket	1
without	1
being	1
obtrusive.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use.	1
Press	1
twice	1
to	1
redial	1
the	1
last	1
number	1
you	1
called.	1
The	1
phone	1
itself	1
failed	1
after	1
about	1
10	1
months.	1
Worth	1
every	1
bit	1
of	1
the	1
$2.97	1
that	1
I	1
paid	1
for	1
this	1
thing.	1
Other	1
than	1
that	1
one	1
complaint,	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
Treo	1
is	1
a	1
real	1
step	1
forward.	1
They	1
were	1
not	1
super	1
helpful.	1
Doesn't	1
do	1
the	1
job.	1
0	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
it.	1
1	1
Plan	1
on	1
ordering	1
from	1
them	1
again	1
and	1
again.	1
1	1
That	1
being	1
said,	1
for	1
a	1
phone,	1
the	1
camera	1
is	1
very	1
nice;	1
many	1
cool	1
effects	1
to	1
play	1
with,	1
and	1
video	1
is	1
decent	1
as	1
well.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
this	1
cell	1
phone	1
from	1
day	1
one.	1
1	1
I	1
cannot	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
cargo	1
pants	1
pocket	1
and	1
have	1
continuous	1
connection.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
well	1
it	1
works	1
for	1
devices	1
that	1
take	1
proprietary	1
chargers	1
(like	1
the	1
Motorola	1
Q	1
phone	1
or	1
those	1
mentioned	1
by	1
other	1
reviewers).	1
The	1
side	1
buttons	1
provide	1
quick	1
access	1
to	1
use	1
both	1
the	1
camera	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
itself.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
functionality	1
of	1
the	1
Treo	1
650	1
because	1
I	1
can	1
do	1
school,	1
business,	1
personal,	1
and	1
other	1
things	1
all	1
on	1
one	1
product.Cons	1
So	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
in	1
a	1
position	1
to	1
compare.	1
if	1
that	1
was	1
there,	1
this	1
review	1
would	1
have	1
five	1
stars.Still,	1
the	1
enclosed	1
USB	1
cable	1
is	1
quite	1
useful.	1
Rapid	1
Home	1
Charger	1
For	1
Sony	1
Ericsson.	1
Have	1
a	1
1,200	1
s.f.	1
They	1
keep	1
getting	1
better	1
and	1
better	1
(this	1
is	1
my	1
third	1
one	1
and	1
I've	1
had	1
numerous	1
Palms	1
too).	1
1	1
I'm	1
sure	1
by	1
this	1
time	1
next	1
year,	1
or	1
sooner,	1
the	1
minor	1
annoyances	1
will	1
be	1
fixed	1
and	1
a	1
slimmer,	1
lighter	1
device	1
will	1
be	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
The	1
Treo	1
has	1
neither.	1
I	1
am	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
product,	1
packaging,	1
and	1
shipping.	1
Awkward	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
unreliable.	1
0	1
andf	1
when	1
your	1
not	1
charging	1
your	1
Kindle	1
Fire	1
you	1
can	1
plug	1
it	1
so	1
you	1
never	1
lose	1
it!	1
This	1
unit	1
didn't	1
do	1
it's	1
job	1
at	1
all.	1
So	1
far,	1
the	1
headset	1
got	1
knocked	1
off	1
only	1
once	1
-	1
through	1
no	1
fault	1
of	1
the	1
device.	1
We	1
argued	1
about	1
the	1
color,	1
and	1
I	1
finally	1
convinced	1
them	1
that	1
Samsung	1
makes	1
white,	1
silver,	1
red,	1
and	1
black.	1
The	1
keypad	1
is	1
sealed	1
so	1
no	1
dirt	1
can	1
get	1
into	1
it,	1
which	1
is	1
a	1
huge	1
plus.	1
The	1
shipping	1
time	1
was	1
also	1
very	1
quick!	1
1	1
I	1
do	1
have	1
to	1
hand	1
it	1
to	1
Virgin.	1
Luckily	1
the	1
research	1
paid	1
off	1
and	1
she	1
loves	1
it	1
and	1
more	1
importantly	1
actually	1
uses	1
this	1
headset.	1
Not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
I	1
had	1
hoped.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
difficulty	1
with	1
two	1
problems	1
that	1
other	1
reviewers	1
have	1
encountered.	1
I'd	1
really	1
recommend	1
TuneTalk	1
for	1
use	1
in	1
a	1
classroom.	1
I'm	1
waiting	1
axiously	1
for	1
tuesday	1
to	1
roll	1
around	1
so	1
i	1
can	1
get	1
my	1
new	1
phone.	1
That	1
does	1
not	1
impede	1
its	1
asset	1
of	1
being	1
both	1
sych	1
and	1
power	1
in	1
one	1
unit.	1
It	1
has	1
such	1
a	1
weird	1
delayed	1
reaction!	1
Terrific	1
build	1
quality,	1
great	1
menus	1
and	1
a	1
slim	1
form	1
make	1
user	1
friendly	1
in	1
every	1
sense.	1
Good	1
case!.	1
1	1
I	1
would	1
reccomend	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
pretty	1
much	1
anyone	1
who	1
wants	1
a	1
camera	1
phone.	1
Good	1
Hype,	1
but	1
weak	1
on	1
usability.	1
I	1
have	1
mine	1
set	1
on	1
loud	1
since	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
half-hlemet	1
and	1
my	1
wife	1
prefers	1
the	1
lower	1
volume	1
in	1
her	1
full	1
helmet.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
set	1
up	1
for	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V365.	1
I	1
prefer	1
it	1
over	1
wearing	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
by	1
a	1
long	1
shot.	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
headset	1
at	1
a	1
loves	1
travel	1
stop.	1
Doesn't	1
Work.	1
0	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
noticed	1
by	1
the	1
fact	1
thet	1
both	1
packages	1
were	1
closed	1
with	1
scotch	1
tape.	1
Really	1
good	1
product.	1
1	1
I've	1
emailed	1
ccmaccessories	1
twice,	1
and	1
yet	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
not	1
gotten	1
word	1
back.	1
Ordered	1
from	1
SF	1
Planet	1
for	1
under	1
$10	1
including	1
shipping,	1
recieved	1
from	1
across	1
the	1
country	1
in	1
three	1
days,	1
amazing	1
deal.	1
And	1
looks	1
cool	1
doing	1
it.	1
I	1
forgot	1
I	1
can	1
last	1
a	1
whole	1
day	1
on	1
a	1
single	1
charge	1
easy	1
with	1
a	1
new	1
battery.	1
In	1
addition	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
turn	1
by	1
turn	1
voice	1
navigation	1
via	1
phone	1
GPS	1
feature.	1
Your	1
chose.God	1
Bless	1
you	1
all!Go	1
to	1
Immanuels	1
Temple	1
Community	1
Church,	1
ITCC	1
in	1
Lansing,Michigan.	1
Cheap,	1
poorly	1
manufactured	1
headphones.	1
The	1
product	1
I	1
received	1
was	1
really	1
bad.	1
Recently	1
my	1
phone	1
has	1
been	1
powering	1
down	1
for	1
no	1
reason,	1
and	1
I	1
can't	1
start	1
it	1
back	1
up	1
until	1
I	1
pull	1
the	1
battery.	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
me.	1
The	1
accessories	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
are	1
also	1
improved,	1
though	1
they	1
are	1
tan...a	1
little	1
odd.Second,	1
the	1
negatives.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
bumpered	1
corners.	1
Use	1
it	1
intermittently	1
for	1
5	1
weeks.	1
When	1
you	1
finally	1
do	1
get	1
the	1
clip	1
to	1
let	1
go	1
it	1
almost	1
always	1
"snags"	1
on	1
the	1
battery	1
compartment	1
button.	1
Press	1
the	1
wrong	1
button,	1
whoops,	1
you're	1
on	1
the	1
internet.	1
Well	1
worth	1
the	1
small	1
additional	1
cost	1
overall.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
my	1
clip	1
for	1
about	1
two	1
months.	1
I	1
bought	1
another	1
generic	1
brand	1
one	1
and	1
it's	1
still	1
going	1
strong	1
8	1
months	1
after	1
purchase.But,	1
that's	1
just	1
me.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
one!	1
Set	1
up	1
was	1
easy.	1
Cool	1
Funky	1
Phone,	1
Works	1
Great,	1
Awesome	1
quality.	1
BlueAnt	1
X3.	1
These	1
batteries	1
were	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
crap.	1
The	1
fit	1
is	1
too	1
tight	1
at	1
new.	1
Internet	1
and	1
instant	1
messaging9.	1
Hmmmm...	1
anyway,	1
geat	1
price.	1
For	1
the	1
price	1
it	1
was	1
worth	1
a	1
shot	1
and	1
at	1
least	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
to	1
fit.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
junk.	1
Alot	1
of	1
headsets	1
are	1
BT	1
1.1	1
or	1
1.2.	1
The	1
only	1
downside	1
I	1
found	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
can't	1
go	1
through	1
more	1
than	1
one	1
wall	1
or	1
you	1
lose	1
the	1
signal	1
strength	1
(1	1
story	1
2700	1
sq	1
ft).	1
This	1
has	1
many	1
features.	1
It	1
will	1
drop	1
calls	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
bars	1
showing,	1
people	1
are	1
constantly	1
saying,	1
"What?!?	1
The	1
only	1
issue	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
it	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
doesn't	1
sit	1
very	1
snugly	1
in	1
the	1
ear	1
but	1
it	1
stays	1
fairly	1
well.	1
Couple	1
of	1
calls	1
to	1
customer	1
service	1
and	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days	1
it	1
worked.	1
Love	1
the	1
phone	1
-hate	1
the	1
screen	1
repairs.	1
5	1
motorola	1
bluetooth	1
headsets.	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
V551	1
direct	1
from	1
Cingular	1
for	1
$150.00.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
start	1
or	1
charge	1
(and	1
this	1
had	1
nothing	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
batteries	1
or	1
setting).	1
Generic	1
Cable	1
as	1
the	1
other	1
reviews	1
state.	1
Moto	1
battery	1
review.	1
they	1
are	1
just	1
about	1
the	1
only	1
cases	1
that	1
consistently	1
fit	1
well,	1
are	1
not	1
bulky	1
or	1
ugly.	1
Except	1
for	1
if	1
i	1
am	1
not	1
using	1
the	1
built	1
in	1
push	1
to	1
talk,	1
this	1
makes	1
the	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
very	1
annoying.	1
The	1
cable	1
works	1
fine.	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
up	1
my	1
minutes	1
and	1
BURN	1
THIS	1
PHONE!So	1
here	1
I	1
stand.	1
I	1
HAVE	1
THE	1
MOTOROLO	1
RAZR	1
AND	1
RECENTLY	1
PURCHASED	1
THIS	1
HEADSET.	1
It	1
is	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
This	1
one	1
is	1
an	1
imitation/knockoff.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
carrying	1
case	1
for	1
Xmas,	1
lost	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
January	1
10.	1
I	1
priced	1
it	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
replace	1
it	1
and	1
the	1
cost	1
was	1
way	1
too	1
much.	1
The	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
sound,	1
the	1
craftsmanship	1
and	1
the	1
return/refund	1
policy	1
definitely	1
makes	1
this	1
product	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
She	1
was	1
so	1
excited,	1
she	1
had	1
been	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
charm,	1
but	1
couldn't	1
find	1
anything	1
that	1
she	1
liked.	1
It	1
gave	1
my	1
palm	1
pilot	1
a	1
very	1
classy	1
and	1
elegant	1
look.	1
Unfortunately	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
0	1
Needless	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
the	1
way	1
it	1
made	1
me	1
sound	1
to	1
other	1
people	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
talking	1
to.	1
$118	1
PLUS	1
MY	1
COST	1
SENDING	1
IT	1
BACK!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
wonderful.	1
In	1
some	1
stores	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
even	1
available.	1
LG	1
Standard	1
Battery.	1
I	1
am	1
happy	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
second.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
a	1
heaven	1
sent	1
compared	1
to	1
those	1
two.	1
First,	1
the	1
Ear	1
bud	1
is	1
included	1
free	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
Well	1
i	1
finally	1
got	1
it,	1
The	1
FIRST	1
thing	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
is	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
much	1
clearer	1
than	1
previous	1
versions,	1
a	1
wonderful	1
toy!!!	1
The	1
necessity	1
of	1
a	1
Y-adapter	1
just	1
denotes	1
a	1
bad	1
original	1
design.	1
All	1
three	1
broke	1
within	1
two	1
months	1
of	1
use.	1
0	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
headset	1
exclusively	1
for	1
gaming	1
on	1
the	1
PS3.	1
Is	1
it	1
a	1
knock	1
off?	1
Great	1
Nextel	1
service,	1
pretty	1
good	1
phone.	1
worked	1
great	1
for	1
awhile	1
but	1
burned	1
itself	1
up	1
within	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months.	1
I	1
have	1
also	1
become	1
pretty	1
good	1
at	1
putting	1
it	1
on	1
with	1
one	1
hand.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
I	1
lived	1
without	1
one	1
for	1
so	1
long!	1
Good	1
value.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
V3	1
for	1
3	1
weeks	1
now	1
and	1
I	1
absolutely	1
love	1
it.	1
Nice	1
unit	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
As	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
activated	1
the	1
RAZR	1
they	1
immediately	1
noticed	1
a	1
great	1
improvement.	1
It	1
got	1
so	1
bad	1
that	1
they	1
credited	1
me	1
$80	1
or	1
so,	1
equivalent	1
to	1
one	1
month	1
of	1
the	1
service	1
I	1
signed	1
up	1
for.	1
dont	1
buy	1
it.	1
0	1
My	1
father	1
has	1
the	1
V265,	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
dying.	1
0	1
I	1
tried	1
4	1
other	1
cords	1
and	1
sure	1
enough,	1
the	1
phone	1
wont	1
even	1
register	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
plugged	1
in.	1
I	1
think	1
it's	1
the	1
exact	1
battery	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
Treo	1
a	1
3-4	1
years	1
ago.	1
For	1
those	1
of	1
you	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
headset	1
for	1
24/7	1
use,	1
seriously,	1
don't	1
buy	1
a	1
headset	1
that	1
costs	1
less	1
than	1
$20.	1
My	1
equipment	1
is	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6225,	1
I	1
have	1
2	1
PC	1
with	1
Windows	1
2000	1
Professional	1
(SP4)	1
and	1
Windows	1
XP	1
Pro	1
and	1
both	1
don't	1
works	1
.	1
However,	1
the	1
ear	1
pads	1
come	1
off	1
easily	1
and	1
after	1
only	1
one	1
week	1
I	1
lost	1
one.	1
0	1
After	1
a	1
week	1
of	1
researching	1
all	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
car	1
kit	1
options;	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
go	1
with	1
the	1
simple	1
approach.	1
The	1
calls	1
drop,	1
the	1
phone	1
comes	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
at	1
will,	1
the	1
screen	1
goes	1
black	1
and	1
the	1
worst	1
of	1
all	1
it	1
stops	1
ringing	1
intermittently.	1
0	1
No	1
light	1
on	1
cradle,	1
didn't	1
charge	1
my	1
Treo.	1
I	1
doubt	1
mine	1
will	1
be	1
in	1
one	1
piece	1
for	1
much	1
longer.	1
Won't	1
stay	1
on	1
your	1
belt.	1
Plantronics	1
wireless.	1
My	1
theory	1
is	1
that	1
to	1
keep	1
their	1
prices	1
down	1
Logitech	1
has	1
had	1
to	1
skimp	1
on	1
the	1
materials	1
and	1
quality.	1
Horrible,	1
horrible	1
protector.	1
0	1
And	1
there	1
are	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
rebate	1
offers	1
right	1
now.	1
I	1
don't	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
much,	1
but	1
I'm	1
having	1
to	1
recharge	1
this	1
battery	1
every	1
other	1
day.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
samsung	1
sync	1
a707.	1
Better	1
than	1
my	1
other	1
bluetooth,	1
a	1
Plantronics	1
320.	1
Overall	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
simple	1
slick	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
strong	1
battery	1
life.	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
this	1
Nokia	1
either.	1
0	1
I'm	1
back	1
to	1
using	1
my	1
1	1
year	1
old	1
battery,	1
it	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
longer	1
then	1
the	1
new	1
one.	1
Reaching	1
for	1
the	1
bottom	1
row	1
is	1
uncomfortable,	1
and	1
the	1
send	1
and	1
end	1
keys	1
are	1
not	1
where	1
I	1
expect	1
them	1
to	1
be.3.	1
0	1
Had	1
to	1
go	1
to	1
Fry's	1
to	1
get	1
one	1
that	1
worked.	1
I	1
have	1
bought	1
this	1
Nokia	1
cell	1
phone	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
ago	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
nightmare.	1
0	1
The	1
phone	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
replaced.	1
We	1
use	1
a	1
couple	1
different	1
cases	1
to	1
carry	1
our	1
very	1
compact	1
Canon	1
Powershot	1
camera	1
and	1
have	1
never	1
had	1
the	1
camera	1
escape.	1
The	1
original	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
offers	1
no	1
protection	1
and	1
is	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
and	1
off.	1
It	1
would	1
take	1
too	1
long	1
to	1
describe	1
how	1
bad	1
my	1
customer	1
service	1
experience	1
has	1
been	1
with	1
Amazon.	1
0	1
Since	1
then,	1
I've	1
gone	1
through	1
enough	1
phones	1
to	1
realize	1
just	1
how	1
much	1
I	1
loved	1
my	1
D&G	1
RAZR	1
V3i.	1
Stay	1
away	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
small	1
ear	1
canals.	1
the	1
only	1
VERY	1
DISAPPOINTING	1
thing	1
was	1
there	1
was	1
NO	1
SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	1
0	1
Good	1
thing	1
I	1
did'nt	1
spend	1
alot	1
of	1
money	1
on	1
this	1
product.	1
Should	1
have	1
had	1
better	1
info	1
from	1
the	1
phone	1
company.Not	1
your	1
fault.	1
Verizon	1
salesperson	1
says	1
this	1
is	1
due	1
to	1
"poor	1
handling"	1
on	1
our	1
part.	1
Works	1
great	1
with	1
Jawbone	1
Era.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
best	1
looking,	1
but	1
the	1
design	1
distributes	1
the	1
weight	1
evenly	1
across	1
your	1
entire	1
ear,	1
not	1
just	1
the	1
top.	1
S9	1
Bluetooth	1
Headphones.	1
It's	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
a	1
week	1
ago.	1
I	1
hardly	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
for	1
crying	1
out	1
loud!	1
DELIVERY	1
was	1
GREAT!	1
Why	1
can't	1
Motorola	1
make	1
one	1
for	1
the	1
V600	1
like	1
they	1
did	1
for	1
the	1
T720?	1
Great	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Or	1
if	1
you're	1
trying	1
to	1
dig	1
it	1
out	1
of	1
your	1
pocket,	1
you	1
accidentally	1
hang	1
up	1
or	1
ignore	1
the	1
call.	1
This	1
headset	1
has	1
no	1
volume	1
control.	1
I	1
guess	1
it	1
works	1
fine	1
in	1
this	1
capacity	1
-	1
but	1
is	1
just	1
too	1
flimsy	1
for	1
everday	1
use.	1
As	1
previous	1
reviewers	1
have	1
mentioned,	1
it	1
gets	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
chore	1
to	1
carry	1
around	1
a	1
PDA,	1
iPod,	1
cell	1
phone,	1
camera,	1
etc.	1
Terrible..	1
My	1
car	1
will	1
not	1
accept	1
this	1
cassette.	1
0	1
But	1
Im	1
not	1
impressed	1
at	1
all....	1
and	1
the	1
camera	1
is	1
VGA....yikes!	1
Activation	1
was	1
simple	1
and	1
done	1
over	1
the	1
web.If	1
you	1
want	1
an	1
extra	1
FREE	1
100	1
minutes,	1
send	1
me	1
an	1
email	1
at	1
ajstudio@alaska.com.	1
3-in-1	1
USB	1
Travel	1
Kit	1
for	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
650.	1
Excellent	1
Product.	1
Product	1
is	1
useless,	1
since	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
enough	1
charging	1
current	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
2	1
cellphones	1
I	1
was	1
planning	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
with.	1
0	1
Very	1
positive	1
experience.	1
While	1
my	1
music	1
device	1
was	1
playing	1
in	1
made	1
a	1
very	1
loud	1
noise	1
inside	1
the	1
tape	1
deck	1
of	1
my	1
used	1
car.	1
Accidently,	1
detroyed	1
my	1
previous	1
cell.	1
Product	1
works	1
as	1
described	1
by	1
Amazon	1
and	1
product	1
seller.	1
Bluetooth	1
sounds	1
weird,has	1
a	1
delay,	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
always	1
going	1
dead.	1
It's	1
sturdy	1
and	1
it	1
works.	1
I	1
can't	1
even	1
use	1
that	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
anymore.	1
I	1
will	1
say	1
that	1
those	1
are	1
a	1
challenge*The	1
memory	1
could	1
be	1
better	1
but	1
it	1
isn't	1
a	1
big	1
deal	1
so	1
far.	1
It's	1
not	1
what	1
it	1
says	1
it	1
is.	1
0	1
Very	1
impressive!.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
speak	1
bad	1
about	1
their	1
customer	1
service	1
because	1
they	1
tried.	1
Good	1
product	1
at	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
Works	1
perfect	1
with	1
my	1
PS3.	1
I	1
recently	1
"upgraded"	1
from	1
a	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
T610	1
to	1
the	1
Moto	1
RAZR.	1
It	1
was	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
got	1
as	1
described	1
in	1
the	1
ad	1
and	1
works	1
very	1
well.Thank	1
you	1
Amazon.	1
Best	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
Used.	1
The	1
additional	1
BlackBerry	1
Data	1
Plan	1
requirement	1
just	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
text	1
is	1
garbage.6.	1
Overall	1
though	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
headset	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
wireless.	1
Search	1
is	1
over!.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
I'm	1
still	1
waiting	1
for	1
my	1
rebate	1
after	1
a	1
year.	1
the	1
housing	1
is	1
slightly	1
split	1
and	1
the	1
prongs	1
escaped	1
the	1
housing	1
but	1
it	1
still	1
charges!	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
perfect	1
fit	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
look	1
like	1
a	1
total	1
geek/nerd	1
with	1
a	1
giant	1
Treo	1
extending	1
2-3	1
inches	1
from	1
your	1
waist,	1
this	1
is	1
definitely	1
the	1
clip	1
for	1
you.	1
The	1
camera	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
pretty	1
good,	1
nothing	1
to	1
complain	1
about	1
there,	1
and	1
it	1
also	1
has	1
a	1
4x	1
zoom	1
which	1
is	1
really	1
cool.	1
I	1
didn't	1
want	1
two	1
devices	1
anymore,	1
just	1
one.	1
Stay	1
Away	1
From	1
the	1
Q!.	1
0	1
These	1
batteries	1
are	1
getting	1
harder	1
and	1
harder	1
to	1
find.	1
Used	1
and	1
dirty.	1
0	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
this	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
now	1
and	1
have	1
absolutely	1
no	1
complaints.	1
I've	1
seen	1
pictures	1
of	1
how	1
they're	1
supposed	1
to	1
fit	1
--	1
I	1
guess	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
the	1
headpiece	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
sit	1
on	1
your	1
neck.	1
Beyond	1
that,	1
there	1
were	1
three	1
included	1
(separate)	1
sets	1
of	1
directions	1
on	1
how	1
to	1
link	1
the	1
unit	1
correctly.	1
ear	1
piece/	1
headset.	1
I	1
have	1
put	1
a	1
request	1
in	1
to	1
Motorola's	1
website	1
for	1
assistance	1
but	1
after	1
two	1
days	1
they	1
have	1
not	1
answered.	1
They	1
claimed	1
that	1
T-Mobile	1
needed	1
more	1
info	1
to	1
enter	1
a	1
new	1
account.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Tuffbook	1
at	1
home	1
because	1
the	1
rubberized	1
keys	1
make	1
typing	1
difficult.	1
There's	1
actually	1
a	1
list	1
of	1
the	1
contents	1
on	1
one	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
box.	1
Very	1
unreliable	1
service	1
from	1
T-mobile	1
!	1
0	1
You'll	1
be	1
much	1
happier	1
with	1
it.	1
I	1
will	1
never	1
buy	1
another	1
brand	1
again.	1
Of	1
course	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
cassette	1
quality,	1
but	1
this	1
product	1
cost	1
me	1
only	1
$7,	1
so	1
it's	1
an	1
excellent	1
deal.	1
Even	1
with	1
the	1
hook,	1
still	1
falls	1
off	1
easy.	1
It	1
is	1
comfortable.	1
I	1
really	1
liked	1
how	1
it	1
fit	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
sounded.	1
When	1
your	1
battery	1
dies	1
you	1
might	1
as	1
well	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
Not	1
good	1
enough	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
0	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
seem	1
to	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
very	1
strongly.	1
It	1
takes	1
4	1
hrs.	1
When	1
you	1
access	1
a	1
new	1
menu,	1
for	1
instance	1
office	1
tools,	1
the	1
phone	1
takes	1
a	1
while	1
to	1
go	1
into	1
that	1
menu.	1
I	1
haven't	1
used	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
features	1
yet,	1
but	1
the	1
voice	1
quality	1
is	1
great	1
on	1
both	1
ends.	1
fairly	1
useless	1
item.	1
This	1
unit	1
worked	1
great...for	1
the	1
1st	1
two	1
weeks	1
of	1
regular	1
use.	1
It	1
was	1
not	1
"unlocked"	1
yet.	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
battery	1
for	1
just	1
over	1
a	1
week	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
already	1
holding	1
a	1
much	1
reduced	1
charge!	1
This	1
phone	1
made	1
me	1
giggle	1
with	1
shear	1
joy.	1
Not	1
a	1
mil	1
spec	1
phone.	1
eforcity	1
battery	1
purchase.	1
This	1
makes	1
it	1
hard	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
computer	1
and	1
make	1
the	1
phone	1
stay	1
connected	1
to	1
the	1
computer.	1
another	1
lousy	1
product.	1
No	1
significant	1
improvement	1
over	1
the	1
old	1
one.	1
Best	1
price	1
around!!	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
them	1
and	1
neither	1
will	1
charge.	1
0	1
It	1
looks	1
very	1
nice.	1
1	1
i	1
love	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
sooo	1
many	1
great	1
features,	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
but	1
when	1
it's	1
dropped	1
or	1
turned	1
off	1
the	1
screen	1
will	1
blank	1
out.	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
tool,	1
especially	1
when	1
paired	1
with	1
your	1
phone's	1
auto-answer.	1
1	1
In	1
other	1
words,	1
beware	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
disposable	1
product!	1
Its	1
belt	1
clip	1
is	1
very	1
secured.Please	1
note	1
that	1
NiteIze	1
also	1
makes	1
a	1
version	1
of	1
Clip	1
Case	1
Plus	1
for	1
PDAs/Smartphones.	1
I	1
have	1
read	1
other's	1
reviews	1
here	1
but	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
problem	1
with	1
it.	1
1	1
This	1
required	1
me	1
to	1
insert	1
it	1
again.	1
These	1
products	1
cover	1
up	1
the	1
important	1
light	1
sensor	1
above	1
the	1
ear	1
outlet.	1
0	1
Comfortable	1
in	1
my	1
hand.	1
1	1
Just	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
0	1
Poor	1
Reliability.	1
0	1
One	1
thing	1
that	1
bothered	1
me	1
was,	1
it	1
kind	1
of	1
hurt	1
my	1
ear	1
after	1
setting	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
hours	1
but	1
HECK,	1
the	1
quailty	1
of	1
the	1
headset	1
made	1
up	1
for	1
that.	1
My	1
wife's	1
cell	1
phone	1
charger	1
broke	1
and	1
we	1
had	1
difficulty	1
finding	1
this	1
particular	1
charger	1
locally.	1
(It	1
works!)	1
1	1
If	1
I	1
take	1
a	1
picture,	1
the	1
battery	1
drops	1
a	1
bar,	1
and	1
starts	1
beeping,	1
letting	1
me	1
know	1
its	1
dieing.	1
0	1
when	1
putting	1
in	1
AA	1
batteries	1
it's	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
a	1
tight	1
fit,	1
but	1
i	1
guess	1
this	1
is	1
to	1
hold	1
them	1
in	1
place.	1
Terrible	1
product,	1
and	1
waste	1
of	1
money!	1
0	1
Last	1
time	1
buying	1
from	1
you.	1
0	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
my	1
money.	1
0	1
Great	1
design,	1
PATHETIC	1
performance.	1
So	1
far	1
it	1
has	1
worked	1
like	1
a	1
charm.	1
1	1
Sometimes	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
hard	1
time	1
hearing	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
line	1
but	1
the	1
supertooth	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
hear	1
everyone	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
speaker.	1
I	1
have	1
only	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
weeks,	1
but	1
so	1
far,	1
so	1
good.	1
1	1
But,	1
in	1
any	1
case,	1
the	1
best	1
part	1
is,	1
you	1
can	1
download	1
these	1
pictures	1
to	1
your	1
laptop	1
using	1
IR,	1
or	1
even	1
send	1
pictures	1
from	1
your	1
laptop	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
1	1
I	1
took	1
out	1
the	1
battery	1
and	1
let	1
it	1
dry,	1
and	1
the	1
next	1
day,	1
it	1
still	1
worked,	1
and	1
with	1
no	1
problems!	1
Would	1
recommend	1
this	1
item.	1
1	1
It's	1
been	1
my	1
choice	1
headset	1
for	1
years.Great	1
sound;	1
good	1
volume;	1
good	1
noise	1
cancellation.	1
1	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
fight	1
with	1
five	1
different	1
support	1
reps	1
to	1
get	1
$15	1
in	1
express	1
shipping	1
and	1
$20	1
credit	1
to	1
my	1
account	1
for	1
outage	1
and	1
$35	1
in	1
minutes.	1
Nice	1
case,	1
feels	1
good	1
in	1
your	1
hands.	1
1	1
The	1
item	1
received	1
was	1
Counterfeit.	1
0	1
They	1
replaced	1
it.	1
Just	1
really	1
good..	1
So	1
far,	1
probably	1
the	1
best	1
BT	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had.	1
1	1
Works	1
fine.	1
1	1
With	1
some	1
effort,	1
works	1
great	1
at	1
home	1
too!.	1
I	1
received	1
my	1
headset	1
in	1
good	1
time	1
and	1
was	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
1	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
pleased	1
to	1
see	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
replace	1
my	1
well	1
travled	1
swivel	1
holster	1
for	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
flip.	1
1	1
My	1
sister	1
has	1
one	1
also	1
and	1
she	1
loves	1
it.	1
1	1
Good	1
Quality.	1
1	1
This	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
worst	1
purchase	1
I've	1
made	1
on	1
Amazon.	1
0	1
I	1
asked	1
for	1
a	1
refurbished	1
1999	1
Audiovox,	1
because	1
at	1
least	1
I	1
know	1
I	1
can	1
make	1
and	1
recive	1
calls.	1
Excellent	1
dual-purpose	1
headset.	1
1	1
Excellent!.	1
1	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
music	1
with	1
the	1
cingular	1
8125.	1
0	1
I	1
tried	1
a	1
few	1
BT	1
headsets	1
and	1
it	1
came	1
down	1
to	1
the	1
Nokia	1
BH-800	1
and	1
the	1
Jabra	1
JX10.	1
The	1
new	1
battery	1
keeps	1
its	1
charge	1
and	1
I	1
keep	1
working.Amazon	1
had	1
it.	1
No	1
problems.	1
It	1
seems	1
completely	1
secure,	1
both	1
holding	1
on	1
to	1
my	1
belt,	1
and	1
keeping	1
the	1
iPhone	1
inside.	1
1	1
The	1
bottowm	1
line...another	1
worthless,	1
cheap	1
gimmick	1
from	1
Sprint.	1
0	1
Didn't	1
return	1
because	1
I	1
will	1
spend	1
more	1
in	1
S&H	1
than	1
the	1
purchase.	1
Having	1
trouble	1
with	1
volume.	1
0	1
The	1
only	1
good	1
thing	1
was	1
that	1
it	1
fits	1
comfortably	1
on	1
small	1
ears.	1
1	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
27	1
days	1
out	1
of	1
30	1
and	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
despite	1
liking	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
phones	1
features.	1
WARNING	1
-	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY!!.	1
0	1
I	1
am	1
pairing	1
this	1
with	1
my	1
iphone,	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
be	1
happier	1
with	1
it	1
so	1
far.	1
1	1
When	1
it	1
opens,	1
the	1
battery	1
connection	1
is	1
broken	1
and	1
the	1
device	1
is	1
turned	1
off.	1
0	1
I	1
was	1
trying	1
to	1
order	1
Cingular	1
Cellphone	1
service	1
from	1
amazon.com.	1
I	1
didn't	1
want	1
the	1
clip	1
going	1
over	1
the	1
top	1
of	1
my	1
ear,	1
causing	1
discomfort.	1
0	1
Best	1
headset	1
ever!!!.	1
1	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
I	1
gave	1
this	1
2	1
stars	1
instead	1
of	1
1	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
does,	1
in	1
fact	1
charge	1
the	1
phone.	1
Don't	1
trust	1
their	1
website	1
and	1
don't	1
expect	1
any	1
helpful	1
support.	1
0	1
It	1
was	1
that	1
loud.Glad	1
to	1
say	1
that	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
510	1
maintains	1
a	1
flawless	1
connection	1
to	1
my	1
cell	1
and	1
with	1
no	1
static	1
during	1
normal	1
use.	1
1	1
The	1
speaker	1
is	1
of	1
low	1
quality	1
so	1
as	1
making	1
the	1
ring	1
tones	1
sound	1
very	1
cheap.	1
0	1
Fits	1
comfortably,	1
came	1
with	1
three	1
sizes	1
of	1
earbud	1
tips.	1
1	1
The	1
two	1
carrying	1
cases	1
were	1
completely	1
different,	1
even	1
thought	1
the	1
packaging	1
was	1
the	1
same.	1
Excellent	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
1	1
Next	1
step	1
will	1
probably	1
be	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
circular	1
file.	1
Bad	1
Reception.	1
0	1
I	1
will	1
just	1
use	1
rechargeable	1
AA	1
batteries	1
instead.	1
You	1
will	1
be	1
surprised.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
very	1
High	1
quality	1
Chinese	1
CRAP!!!!!!	1
0	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
clip	1
unless	1
you	1
have	1
free	1
phone	1
replacement.	1
It	1
was	1
quite	1
comfortable	1
in	1
the	1
ear.	1
1	1
Play	1
the	1
music	1
on	1
your	1
phone	1
first.	1
The	1
unit	1
really	1
needs	1
Wi-fi	1
and/or	1
bluetooth.	1
Great	1
phone.	1
1	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
product	1
-	1
It	1
fails!.	1
0	1
It's	1
a	1
hassle	1
to	1
send	1
this	1
cheap	1
thing	1
back	1
and	1
ask	1
for	1
a	1
refund,	1
but	1
I	1
will	1
out	1
of	1
principle.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
android	1
phone	1
so	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
Stinker	1
for	1
texting	1
though....	1
I	1
love	1
my	1
Sync!	1
Think	1
"limited".	1
What	1
products	1
are	1
it	1
compatible	1
with	1
then,	1
I	1
asked?	1
Carol's	1
Review.	1
An	1
Inexpensive	1
Improvement.	1
i	1
can	1
wear	1
it	1
for	1
hours.	1
Moisture	1
would	1
get	1
it	1
and	1
corrode	1
or	1
the	1
display	1
would	1
have	1
lines	1
all	1
through	1
it	1
or	1
be	1
completely	1
blank.	1
cable	1
to	1
your	1
phone.	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
item	1
and	1
will	1
try	1
to	1
find	1
another.	1
my	1
only	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
cardo	1
does	1
not	1
include	1
the	1
silicone	1
ear	1
piece	1
in	1
the	1
box.	1
Everything	1
about	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
wrong.First	1
0	1
I	1
would	1
use	1
this	1
product	1
when	1
I	1
road	1
my	1
bike.	1
The	1
pairing	1
of	1
the	1
two	1
devices	1
was	1
so	1
easy	1
it	1
barely	1
took	1
a	1
couple	1
minutes	1
before	1
I	1
started	1
making	1
calls	1
with	1
the	1
voice	1
dialing	1
feature.	1
1	1
This	1
was	1
utterly	1
confusing	1
at	1
first,	1
which	1
caused	1
me	1
to	1
lose	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
very,	1
very	1
important	1
contacts.	1
0	1
Terrible	1
phone	1
holder.	1
0	1
Mine	1
has	1
even	1
gotten	1
wet	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
&	1
still	1
works	1
great.Then	1
only	1
real	1
annoyance	1
is	1
how	1
bright	1
the	1
LED	1
is.	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
pack	1
every	1
day,	1
under	1
my	1
coat	1
orjust	1
strapped	1
around	1
my	1
waist.	1
The	1
cutouts	1
and	1
buttons	1
are	1
placed	1
perfectly.	1
1	1
I	1
love	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
one	1
headset	1
for	1
both	1
by	1
land-line	1
and	1
cell.	1
1	1
Problem	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
ear	1
loops	1
are	1
made	1
of	1
weak	1
material	1
and	1
break	1
easily.	1
0	1
The	1
second	1
model	1
was	1
a	1
Treo	1
600	1
which	1
I	1
bought	1
15	1
months	1
ago.	1
When	1
I	1
told	1
him	1
there	1
was	1
already	1
one	1
on	1
it,	1
he	1
didn't	1
believe	1
me!	1
Read	1
my	1
review	1
on	1
this	1
hard	1
case!	1
Not	1
nearly	1
as	1
good	1
looking	1
as	1
the	1
AMAZON	1
picture	1
makes	1
it	1
look.	1
0	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
for	1
replacement	1
from	1
Amazon	1
and	1
that	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
experience.	1
I	1
received	1
cable	1
in	1
timely	1
order	1
and	1
then	1
downloaded	1
software	1
from	1
Samsung.	1
But	1
despite	1
these	1
few	1
flaws,	1
this	1
case	1
is	1
of	1
exceptional	1
quality	1
and	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
additional	1
costs	1
of	1
owning	1
an	1
official	1
OEM	1
product.	1
1	1
How	1
stupid	1
is	1
that?	1
0	1
Before,	1
my	1
oem	1
battery	1
would	1
barely	1
last	1
me	1
a	1
phone	1
call	1
before	1
going	1
empty.	1
Its	1
original	1
charger	1
was	1
broken,	1
so	1
I	1
would	1
like	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
charger	1
to	1
replace	1
that.	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
daily	1
even	1
after	1
I	1
set	1
the	1
packet	1
data	1
to	1
"when	1
needed".	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
while	1
I'm	1
driving	1
in	1
the	1
car,	1
and	1
usually	1
don't	1
even	1
have	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
it's	1
loudest	1
setting.	1
1	1
Seller	1
shipped	1
quickly	1
and	1
much	1
cheaper	1
than	1
the	1
competitors.	1
1	1
Every	1
time	1
I	1
put	1
it	1
in,	1
it	1
hits	1
the	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
and	1
sets	1
off	1
voice	1
commands,	1
or	1
turns	1
it	1
to	1
speakerphone.	1
Good	1
show,	1
Samsung.	1
1	1
So	1
I	1
bought	1
about	1
10	1
of	1
these	1
and	1
saved	1
alot	1
of	1
money.	1
1	1
She	1
did	1
look	1
into	1
cingular	1
and	1
found	1
out	1
that	1
they	1
had	1
roll	1
over	1
minutes	1
which	1
sprint	1
did	1
not	1
and	1
decided	1
that	1
should	1
would	1
switch	1
to	1
cingular.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
getting	1
the	1
Ge	1
Tl26593	1
Earset	1
Microphone	1
by	1
Jasco,	1
which	1
has	1
been	1
the	1
best	1
so	1
far.	1
EL	1
STYLUS	1
QUE	1
ENVIARON	1
NO	1
ES	1
EL	1
QUE	1
APARCE	1
EN	1
LA	1
FOTO.ESTE	1
ESTYLUS	1
NO	1
ES	1
PARA	1
EL	1
HTC	1
9100,	1
No	1
clicking,	1
no	1
losing	1
connections.	1
It	1
always	1
cuts	1
out	1
and	1
makes	1
a	1
beep	1
beep	1
beep	1
sound	1
then	1
says	1
signal	1
failed.	1
0	1
Couldn't	1
figure	1
it	1
out	1
0	1
My	1
phone	1
sounded	1
OK	1
(	1
not	1
great	1
-	1
OK),	1
but	1
my	1
wife's	1
phone	1
was	1
almost	1
totally	1
unintelligible,	1
she	1
couldn't	1
understand	1
a	1
word	1
being	1
said	1
on	1
it.	1
0	1
I	1
wonder	1
if	1
it	1
is	1
bulletproof?	1
So	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
take	1
the	1
battery	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
put	1
it	1
all	1
back	1
together	1
and	1
then	1
restart	1
it.	1
0	1
While	1
I	1
managed	1
to	1
bend	1
the	1
leaf	1
spring	1
back	1
in	1
place,	1
the	1
metal	1
now	1
has	1
enough	1
stress	1
that	1
it	1
will	1
break	1
on	1
the	1
next	1
drop.	1
0	1
I	1
used	1
a	1
clean	1
cotton	1
cloth	1
(none	1
were	1
included	1
as	1
stated	1
in	1
the	1
description).	1
Shipping	1
USPS	1
was	1
an	1
issue,	1
USPS	1
lost	1
the	1
item	1
during	1
shipping	1
but	1
seller	1
IMMEDIATELY	1
replaced	1
item	1
and	1
shipped	1
right	1
away.	1
Leopard	1
Print	1
is	1
wonderfully	1
wild!.	1
1	1
It	1
was	1
extremely	1
quiet.	1
Works	1
for	1
me.	1
1	1
Saggy,	1
floppy	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
0	1
The	1
software	1
is	1
from	1
Fido	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
cover	1
is	1
Cingular	1
branded..	1
so	1
weird.	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
hard	1
plastic	1
cases.	1
1	1
But	1
this	1
is	1
probably	1
true	1
for	1
other	1
headsets	1
too.	1
Kept	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
V3	1
phone	1
review.	1
It	1
also	1
had	1
a	1
new	1
problem.	1
0	1
Happy	1
so	1
far!.	1
1	1
Did	1
not	1
stay.	1
cool	1
phone.	1
1	1
Be	1
careful	1
how	1
seriously	1
you	1
take	1
these	1
reviews.	1
Works	1
good.	1
1	1
However	1
the	1
description	1
says	1
do	1
not	1
use	1
on	1
screens	1
with	1
a	1
coating.	1
This	1
one	1
was	1
recommended	1
for	1
my	1
Panasonic	1
cordless	1
phone	1
by	1
Jabra.	1
Top-Up	1
Problems.	1
Motorola	1
finally	1
got	1
the	1
voice	1
quality	1
of	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
right.	1
1	1
So	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
pull	1
the	1
headphones	1
out	1
and	1
stick	1
a	1
cassete	1
adapter	1
and	1
use	1
the	1
MP3	1
player	1
in	1
my	1
car.	1
It	1
looses	1
connection	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
even	1
when	1
it	1
is	1
within	1
a	1
couple	1
feet	1
between	1
the	1
two.	1
0	1
If	1
you	1
won't	1
be	1
using	1
the	1
Nokia	1
headset	1
much,	1
try	1
your	1
luck	1
with	1
it,	1
but	1
don't	1
say	1
I	1
didn't	1
warn	1
you...	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
great,	1
i	1
would	1
really	1
recommend	1
it	1
1	1
Headset	1
H500	1
PROJECT	1
RED.	1
Makes	1
it	1
easier	1
to	1
keep	1
up	1
with	1
my	1
bluetooth	1
when	1
I'm	1
not	1
wearing	1
it.	1
0	1
There	1
is	1
not	1
too	1
much	1
that	1
can	1
be	1
said	1
about	1
a	1
cable.	1
U	1
can	1
also	1
download	1
As	1
I	1
said	1
above....PRETTY	1
USELESS!	1
0	1
How	1
long	1
it	1
will	1
last	1
is	1
an	1
open	1
question.	1
Never	1
got	1
it!!!!!	1
0	1
Bought	1
this	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
charger.	1
I	1
don't	1
drive	1
much,	1
and	1
used	1
this	1
for	1
maybe	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
a	1
half.	1
This	1
pair	1
of	1
headphones	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had	1
sound-wise.	1
0	1
A	1
couple	1
hundred	1
more	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
micro-SD	1
card	1
to	1
hold	1
more	1
than	1
12	1
songs.	1
[...]	1
down	1
the	1
drain	1
because	1
of	1
a	1
weak	1
snap!	1
0	1
You	1
ask	1
them	1
questions,	1
and	1
they	1
get	1
answered.	1
Same	1
thing	1
happened,	1
here	1
I	1
found	1
out	1
that	1
when	1
I	1
turned	1
it	1
on	1
it	1
automatically	1
went	1
into	1
active	1
mode	1
not	1
standby	1
mode.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
has	1
a	1
red	1
light	1
flashing.	1
When	1
I	1
check	1
my	1
account	1
on	1
their	1
website,	1
it	1
asks	1
me	1
to	1
register	1
my	1
credit	1
card	1
for	1
auto	1
top-up	1
even	1
though	1
I	1
already	1
have	1
done	1
that.	1
The	1
stickers	1
that	1
are	1
used	1
to	1
pull	1
the	1
plastic	1
sheets	1
apart	1
do	1
not	1
come	1
off	1
and	1
you	1
can't	1
see	1
the	1
screen.	1
Does	1
not	1
charge	1
the	1
Cingular	1
(ATT)	1
8525	1
phone.	1
0	1
You	1
get	1
extra	1
minutes	1
so	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
carry	1
out	1
the	1
call	1
and	1
not	1
get	1
cut	1
off."	1
1	1
Its	1
ok	1
to	1
have	1
this	1
at	1
this	1
price	1
rate.	1
However,	1
after	1
about	1
a	1
year,	1
the	1
fliptop	1
started	1
to	1
get	1
loose	1
and	1
wobbly	1
and	1
eventually	1
my	1
screen	1
went	1
black	1
and	1
I	1
couldn't	1
receive	1
and	1
place	1
calls.	1
0	1
I	1
kept	1
catching	1
the	1
cable	1
on	1
the	1
seat	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
pull	1
the	1
phone	1
out	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
on	1
an	1
off.	1
0	1
If	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
open,	1
you	1
must	1
press	1
then	1
star	1
(*)	1
key	1
and	1
hold	1
it	1
for	1
2	1
seconds.	1
THEY	1
ARE	1
NOT	1
ALL	1
THE	1
SAME.	1
Bad	1
choice....	1
The	1
Motorola	1
v710	1
is	1
an	1
amazing	1
piece	1
of	1
work...	1
to	1
look	1
at.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
SAME	1
Holster	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
Blackberry...	1
It's	1
definately	1
the	1
best	1
value	1
out	1
there!	1
The	1
headset	1
fulfills	1
my	1
requirements	1
so	1
I	1
am	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
1	1
Logitech	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
is	1
a	1
10!.	1
1	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
rests	1
lightly	1
against	1
your	1
ear,	1
rather	1
than	1
inside.	1
1	1
A	1
lot	1
of	1
websites	1
have	1
been	1
rating	1
this	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
phone	1
and	1
so	1
do	1
I.	1
1	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
these	1
cables	1
with	1
my	1
computer	1
and	1
my	1
iPod	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
just	1
fine.	1
1	1
this	1
is	1
my	1
3rd	1
purchase	1
from	1
Krussel.	1
The	1
mic	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
joke,	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
quite	1
low.	1
0	1
I'm	1
returning	1
them.	1
0	1
I	1
decided	1
I	1
wanted	1
as	1
much	1
signal	1
as	1
I	1
could	1
get	1
so	1
I	1
ordered	1
and	1
installed	1
the	1
directional	1
antenna.	1
I	1
does	1
not	1
maintain	1
a	1
connection	1
with	1
the	1
computer	1
while	1
it	1
is	1
on	1
my	1
lap.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
turn	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
controls	1
are	1
quite	1
accessable.	1
1	1
I've	1
been	1
very	1
disappointed	1
by	1
other	1
"OEM"	1
batteries	1
that	1
I've	1
purchased	1
on	1
other	1
sites.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
mine	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
and	1
this	1
Christmas	1
I	1
bought	1
some	1
for	1
the	1
rest	1
of	1
the	1
family.	1
1	1
Otherwise,	1
easy	1
to	1
install	1
and	1
use,	1
clear	1
sound.	1
1	1
nice	1
leather.	1
1	1
Now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
go	1
and	1
buy	1
Roxio	1
or	1
Garage	1
Band	1
for	1
Mac.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
shell	1
game.	1
The	1
key	1
might	1
be	1
to	1
use	1
your	1
thumb	1
on	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
the	1
head	1
piece	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
control	1
the	1
pressure	1
on	1
the	1
talk	1
and	1
noise	1
button.	1
I	1
will	1
use	1
this	1
until	1
I	1
find	1
a	1
better	1
replacement.	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
at	1
one	1
time	1
for	1
quite	1
awhile.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
purchase	1
a	1
different	1
case.	1
0	1
So	1
I	1
just	1
want	1
to	1
know	1
if	1
anyone	1
had	1
signed	1
up	1
for	1
a	1
2	1
year	1
contact	1
but	1
no	1
phone.	1
(never	1
knew	1
that	1
before)it	1
helps	1
keep	1
your	1
phone	1
from	1
roaming.	1
It's	1
also	1
designed	1
to	1
be	1
placed	1
face	1
in	1
to	1
protect	1
the	1
screen	1
whereas	1
the	1
others	1
were	1
not.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
joy	1
to	1
use.	1
1	1
It	1
might	1
be	1
great	1
if	1
it	1
fits	1
your	1
face.	1
Very	1
much	1
disappointed	1
with	1
this	1
company.	1
0	1
This	1
takes	1
only	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
grabs	1
to	1
get	1
used	1
to.Both	1
phones	1
seemed	1
to	1
have	1
equal	1
(and	1
very	1
good)	1
sound	1
quality.The	1
bottom	1
line	1
is	1
Does	1
it	1
Never	1
crash?	1
After	1
many	1
hours	1
of	1
screwing	1
around	1
installing	1
and	1
uninstalling	1
the	1
software,	1
I've	1
given	1
up.	1
Very	1
satisifed	1
with	1
that.	1
1	1
The	1
phone	1
itself	1
had	1
a	1
couple	1
minor	1
scuffs	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
and	1
the	1
small	1
sheet	1
of	1
glass	1
over	1
the	1
camera	1
lens	1
was	1
cracked.	1
People	1
who	1
had	1
trouble	1
with	1
their	1
IPAQs	1
may	1
do	1
well	1
to	1
learn	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
about	1
them.	1
It	1
didn't	1
charge	1
for	1
me.	1
0	1
It's	1
kind	1
of	1
space	1
agey	1
looking,	1
which	1
I	1
hated	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
it's	1
grown	1
on	1
me.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
get	1
for	1
2005....	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
my	1
S710a	1
and	1
all	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
is	1
WOW!	1
1	1
Thank	1
god,	1
I	1
checked	1
before	1
placing	1
order.	1
I	1
hear	1
them	1
very	1
well	1
also.	1
Buttons	1
are	1
too	1
small.	1
0	1
Just	1
reading	1
on	1
the	1
specs	1
alone	1
makes	1
you	1
say	1
WOW.	1
1	1
Love	1
it..	1
Great	1
armband.	1
1	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
product	1
over	1
the	1
Motorola	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
allot	1
clearer	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
and	1
the	1
mic.	1
1	1
However,	1
the	1
keypads	1
are	1
so	1
tinny	1
that	1
I	1
sometimes	1
reach	1
the	1
wrong	1
buttons.	1
0	1
I	1
exchanged	1
the	1
sony	1
ericson	1
z500a	1
for	1
this	1
and	1
I'm	1
pretty	1
happy	1
with	1
that	1
decision.	1
1	1
Ordered	1
this	1
on	1
Friday,	1
and	1
received	1
it	1
on	1
Monday!	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
cases.	1
1	1
Recurring	1
appointments	1
are	1
skipped.	1
Also	1
makes	1
it	1
easier	1
to	1
hold	1
on	1
to.	1
1	1
i	1
bought	1
this	1
unit	1
after	1
reading	1
many	1
reviews	1
about	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
sounded	1
like	1
exactly	1
what	1
i	1
needed.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
product	1
in	1
a	1
motor	1
control	1
center	1
where	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
high	1
voltage	1
humming	1
from	1
the	1
equipment,	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great!	1
1	1
I	1
ordered	1
two	1
set	1
of	1
Treo	1
750	1
battery.	1
It	1
is	1
kind	1
of	1
a	1
chincy	1
design	1
but	1
I	1
didn't	1
buy	1
the	1
case	1
for	1
the	1
clip	1
so	1
whatever.	1
That	1
version	1
is	1
too	1
big	1
for	1
the	1
at&t;	1
Tilt.	1
It's	1
pretty	1
easy.	1
1	1
Note	1
that	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
microphone;	1
it	1
is	1
only	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
music,	1
and	1
for	1
that	1
it	1
rocks!	1
I	1
cannot	1
make	1
calls	1
at	1
certain	1
places.	1
0	1
however,	1
my	1
girl	1
was	1
complain	1
that	1
some	1
time	1
the	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
wake	1
up	1
like	1
normal	1
phone	1
does.	1
0	1
You	1
can't	1
find	1
this	1
charger	1
in	1
retail	1
store	1
anymore.	1
Beautiful	1
styling	1
though.	1
1	1
I	1
definitely	1
don't	1
worry	1
about	1
the	1
iPhone	1
coming	1
loose...if	1
anything	1
it's	1
more	1
difficult	1
to	1
get	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
case.Pros	1
this	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
headset.	1
if	1
i	1
hold	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
right	1
hand	1
it	1
will	1
sometimes	1
start	1
getting	1
a	1
week	1
signal.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
have	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
and	1
loved	1
it	1
till	1
it	1
finally	1
wore	1
out.	1
This	1
company	1
charge	1
me	1
a	1
restocking	1
fee	1
and	1
still	1
not	1
given	1
me	1
my	1
refund	1
back.	1
0	1
I'm	1
trying	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
refund.	1
0	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
in	1
only	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
not	1
a	1
darn	1
thing	1
worked.	1
0	1
I	1
think	1
I'd	1
save	1
money	1
in	1
this	1
way	1
without	1
contracts	1
and	1
plans.	1
Excellent	1
product.	1
1	1
Earbud	1
piece	1
breaks	1
easily.	1
0	1
Lousy	1
product.	1
0	1
This	1
keyboard	1
is	1
discontinued	1
and	1
cannot	1
be	1
used	1
by	1
many	1
devices.	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Booster.	1
This	1
phone	1
tries	1
very	1
hard	1
to	1
do	1
everything	1
but	1
fails	1
at	1
it's	1
very	1
ability	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
phone.	1
0	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
charger	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
on	1
the	1
market	1
yet.	1
1	1
SWEETEST	1
PHONE!!!	1
1	1
:-)Oh,	1
the	1
charger	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
fine.	1
1	1
It	1
fits	1
so	1
securely	1
that	1
the	1
ear	1
hook	1
does	1
not	1
even	1
need	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
better	1
directed	1
through	1
your	1
ear	1
canal.	1
1	1
Headset	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
KRZR	1
K1M....	1
I	1
purchased	1
these	1
to	1
work	1
a	1
KRZR	1
K1M	1
and	1
both	1
sets	1
of	1
headphones	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
FYI,	1
you	1
can	1
take	1
your	1
old	1
and	1
new	1
phone	1
to	1
a	1
Cingular	1
store	1
and	1
they	1
can	1
tansfer	1
your	1
address	1
book	1
over	1
via	1
the	1
SIM	1
card.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
I	1
ever	1
thought	1
corded	1
headsets	1
were	1
great.This	1
headset	1
is	1
great.	1
The	1
color	1
is	1
good.	1
Arrived	1
OK...and	1
it	1
works!Bad	1
Experience	1
Here.	1
Motorola	1
V600	1
Problems.	1
Just	1
looks	1
fancy,	1
other	1
than	1
that....	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
basically	1
for	1
free,	1
but	1
even	1
taking	1
that	1
into	1
account,	1
I'm	1
pretty	1
disappointed	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
annoying.The	1
initialization	1
time	1
takes	1
FOREVER!	1
The	1
Q	1
has	1
great	1
functionality	1
and	1
a	1
very	1
well	1
designed	1
keyboard,	1
but	1
every	1
single	1
positive	1
attribute	1
of	1
this	1
device	1
is	1
far	1
-	1
far!	1
SideKick	1
2	1
is	1
a	1
bad	1
phone.	1
Not	1
enough	1
volume.	1
0	1
The	1
razr	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
is	1
the	1
last	1
one	1
I	1
will	1
ever	1
get.	1
Can	1
a	1
return	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
refund	1
or	1
exchange	1
?	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
my	1
iPhone	1
from	1
the	1
Apple	1
Store.I	1
need	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
some	1
times	1
with	1
a	1
calling	1
card	1
service.	1
Great	1
case..nothing	1
rough	1
about	1
it.	1
Totally	1
cute!.	1
This	1
was	1
simple	1
to	1
pair	1
up	1
even	1
though	1
his	1
phone	1
model	1
wasn't	1
even	1
in	1
the	1
manual.	1
Samsung	1
WEP200.	1
Eraser	1
works.	1
Echo	1
Problem....Very	1
unsatisfactory	1
0	1
I	1
just	1
purchased	1
Pantronics	1
CS50-USB	1
Wireless	1
Headsetfor	1
VoIP	1
Softphones.	1
The	1
iGo	1
Power	1
product	1
line	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
idea.	1
Therefore	1
its	1
not	1
silent	1
recording.	1
Works	1
very	1
well.	1
A	1
very	1
nice	1
phone	1
bluetooth..	1
Short	1
and	1
sweet	1
review	1
here.	1
Body	1
Glove	1
makes	1
a	1
great	1
product.	1
I	1
like	1
this	1
phone	1
-	1
the	1
reception	1
is	1
fine	1
and	1
no	1
one	1
has	1
ever	1
complained	1
they	1
can't	1
hear	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
NYC,	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
noisiest	1
places	1
on	1
earth.	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
connect	1
with	1
any	1
of	1
several	1
phones.	1
The	1
battery	1
for	1
a	1
Motorola	1
Razor	1
is	1
functioning	1
very	1
well	1
and	1
holding	1
a	1
good	1
charge.	1
I	1
recently	1
bought	1
a	1
new	1
cell	1
phone	1
(Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Z520a)	1
with	1
Bluetooth.	1
Overall	1
best	1
phone	1
I've	1
owned.	1
I	1
did	1
it	1
in	1
30	1
seconds	1
with	1
my	1
Blackberry.	1
Fell	1
apart.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
if	1
it	1
will	1
be	1
adaptable	1
to	1
your	1
business	1
phone.	1
you	1
could	1
only	1
take	1
2	1
videos	1
at	1
a	1
time	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
was	1
very	1
poor.	1
0	1
Loud	1
Speakerphone,	1
cool	1
external	1
display,	1
camera,	1
and	1
color.	1
This	1
is	1
one	1
very	1
cool	1
device	1
that	1
has	1
had	1
a	1
significant	1
impact	1
on	1
my	1
productivity.	1
Good	1
price,	1
1	1
of	1
2	1
bad	1
products.	1
Buyer	1
Beware.	1
I	1
looked	1
for	1
it	1
in	1
stores	1
and	1
couldn't	1
find	1
it.	1
don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
0	1
I	1
tried	1
a	1
Motorola	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
sent	1
a	1
phone	1
number	1
to	1
the	1
car's	1
phonebook	1
(one	1
party	1
at	1
a	1
time).	1
I	1
am	1
going	1
to	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
first	1
to	1
negatively	1
review	1
this	1
product.	1
0	1
My	1
phone	1
is	1
disconnected	1
and	1
I	1
just	1
wanted	1
to	1
download	1
my	1
contacts	1
to	1
move	1
to	1
my	1
move	1
phone.	1
A	1
co-worker	1
has	1
a	1
Motorola	1
Q	1
with	1
Verizon	1
and	1
is	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
Wing's	1
features.	1
Left	1
my	1
wall	1
charger	1
in	1
a	1
hotel,	1
and	1
wanted	1
a	1
car	1
charger,	1
too.	1
The	1
Hype	1
says:"Getting	1
on	1
the	1
Internet	1
is	1
easy	1
with	1
the	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
as	1
it	1
supports	1
Cingular's	1
GSM-based	1
Wireless	1
Internet	1
Express	1
service.	1
once	1
I	1
did	1
that,	1
the	1
case	1
was	1
the	1
perfect	1
size,	1
and	1
the	1
clip	1
fit	1
perfectly.	1
The	1
others-AT&amp;T,	1
Lucent,	1
Bell	1
etc...	1
all	1
required	1
a	1
corded	1
&quot;dial	1
pack&quot;	1
that	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
headset	1
itself.	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
a	1
motorola	1
V551	1
phone,	1
and	1
originally	1
got	1
a	1
motorola	1
bluetooth	1
for	1
it,	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
terrible.	1
Don't	1
understand	1
the	1
negative	1
reviews.	1
Adapter	1
does	1
not	1
provide	1
enough	1
charging	1
current.	1
0	1
I	1
would	1
definetly	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
again	1
It	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
hear	1
whoever	1
you	1
are	1
talking	1
to	1
if	1
the	1
case	1
is	1
closed.3.	1
Pretty	1
bootleg.	1
I	1
just	1
rcvd	1
so	1
unable	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
talk	1
time	1
is	1
any	1
better.	1
Every	1
day	1
is	1
new	1
experience.	1
It	1
did	1
not	1
work-Price	1
was	1
to	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true.	1
You	1
say	1
the	1
name,	1
then	1
tell	1
it	1
to	1
dial	1
work,	1
mobile	1
or	1
home.	1
Then	1
I	1
lost	1
the	1
earpiece.	1
I	1
am	1
more	1
than	1
satisfied	1
with	1
the	1
product	1
and	1
the	1
excellent	1
service.	1
There	1
was	1
so	1
much	1
hype	1
over	1
this	1
phone	1
that	1
I	1
assumed	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
best,	1
my	1
mistake.	1
0	1
Note	1
that	1
my	1
Moto	1
Q	1
just	1
fits	1
in	1
this	1
case.	1
Great	1
Device,	1
Lousy	1
Earhook!.	1
I'd	1
recommend	1
it	1
to	1
others!	1
Handy	1
Handset	1
Holder!.	1
Excellent	1
product	1
that	1
lives	1
up	1
to	1
its	1
hype.	1
You	1
also	1
cannot	1
take	1
pictures	1
with	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
case	1
because	1
the	1
lense	1
is	1
covered.	1
0	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
keypad,	1
but	1
I	1
hate	1
it!	1
The	1
website	1
still	1
lists	1
it	1
as	1
'in	1
stock"	1
Not	1
a	1
necessary	1
accessory...but.	1
So	1
this	1
will	1
be	1
the	1
2nd	1
return.	1
However,	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
pick	1
up	1
the	1
specifics	1
and	1
choose	1
what	1
options	1
I	1
wish	1
(e.g.,	1
answering	1
the	1
phone	1
by	1
simply	1
opening	1
it).	1
Call	1
clarity	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
T-Mobile's	1
reception	1
at	1
my	1
work	1
location	1
is	1
surprisingly	1
far	1
better	1
than	1
Cingular.	1
rubber	1
cover.	1
I	1
switched	1
the	1
two	1
phones	1
batteries	1
and	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
happened.	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
that	1
is	1
loud	1
enough	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
in	1
something	1
other	1
than	1
a	1
very	1
quite	1
environment.	1
It	1
would	1
be	1
worth	1
every	1
penny	1
had	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
pay	1
for	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
the	1
H700	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
week.	1
work	1
very	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Q	1
Sprint	1
smart	1
phone.	1
It	1
charges	1
easily	1
and	1
re	1
-pairs	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
the	1
easiest	1
ever.	1
It	1
lasted	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
before	1
the	1
clear	1
vinyl	1
interior	1
portions	1
began	1
to	1
tear	1
awaay	1
from	1
the	1
faux	1
leather	1
external	1
portion	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
great	1
little	1
phone.	1
Someone	1
needs	1
to	1
go	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
drawing	1
board	1
at	1
Bodyglove/Fellowes.	1
The	1
phone	1
was	1
also	1
powered	1
off	1
from	1
8:00	1
PM	1
Saturday	1
night	1
until	1
8:00	1
AM	1
Sunday	1
morning	1
as	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
see	1
a	1
film	1
and	1
forgot	1
to	1
turn	1
the	1
phone	1
back	1
on.	1
At	1
first,	1
the	1
adapter	1
worked	1
like	1
a	1
charm	1
.	1
Just	1
what	1
i	1
needed!.	1
Remote	1
will	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
LED	1
color	1
change	1
cube.	1
The	1
connector	1
was	1
what	1
I	1
thought	1
is	1
was,	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
outstanding,	1
and	1
the	1
shipping	1
was	1
quick.	1
Phone	1
falls	1
out	1
easily.	1
0	1
I	1
am	1
returning	1
both	1
cables	1
and	1
just	1
paid	1
the	1
bigger	1
bucks	1
to	1
purchase	1
two	1
separate	1
cords	1
from	1
the	1
Sprint	1
store	1
itself.	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
return	1
it.I	1
took	1
my	1
chance	1
after	1
seeing	1
some	1
bad	1
reviews	1
here.	1
The	1
difference	1
is	1
equal	1
to	1
night	1
and	1
day.	1
Most	1
wonderfulll	1
mobile	1
in	1
the	1
world...	1
BY	1
FAR.	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
out	1
in	1
that	1
mode	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
signal	1
is	1
more	1
sensitive	1
to	1
walls	1
than	1
shear	1
range.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
headset	1
and	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
workhorse	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
I'm	1
concerned.	1
Every	1
time	1
I	1
took	1
the	1
phone	1
out	1
I	1
almost	1
disassembled	1
it.Why	1
do	1
I	1
give	1
it	1
4	1
stars	1
then?	1
It	1
didn't	1
work,	1
people	1
can	1
not	1
hear	1
me	1
when	1
I	1
talk.	1
0	1
The	1
text	1
messaging	1
feature	1
is	1
really	1
tricky	1
to	1
use.	1
0	1
Nice	1
phone,	1
not	1
much	1
to	1
complain.	1
Doesn't	1
anyone	1
make	1
a	1
decent	1
bluetooth?.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
made	1
for	1
someone	1
who	1
has	1
med	1
to	1
large	1
fingers.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
all	1
the	1
ear	1
pieces	1
it	1
came	1
with	1
and	1
I	1
cannot	1
get	1
this	1
thing	1
to	1
stay	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
30	1
seconds.	1
I'm	1
really	1
disappointed	1
all	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
is	1
a	1
charger	1
that	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
0	1
That's	1
okay,	1
I	1
didn't	1
really	1
need	1
it	1
anyway.I	1
find	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
extremely	1
comfortable,	1
and	1
can	1
wear	1
it	1
all	1
day	1
without	1
it	1
bothering	1
me.	1
regulatory.	1
I've	1
tried	1
all	1
brands	1
of	1
Bluetooth	1
headsets	1
from	1
$20	1
to	1
the	1
$200	1
and	1
this	1
hands	1
free	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
that	1
actually	1
works	1
for	1
me.	1
Painful	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
0	1
Nice	1
and	1
snug.	1
Lasted	1
one	1
day	1
and	1
then	1
blew	1
up.	1
0	1
Fantastic	1
value.	1
Great	1
protection	1
at	1
a	1
great	1
price!.	1
disappointed.	1
0	1
Wouldn't	1
let	1
me	1
out	1
of	1
contract	1
without	1
the	1
BBB	1
helping.	1
I	1
recommend	1
getting	1
that	1
also.	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
these	1
folks.Just	1
what	1
I	1
needed	1
for	1
the	1
cell	1
phone,	1
great	1
price,	1
and	1
even	1
better	1
service.Top	1
drawer.	1
The	1
talk	1
time	1
is	1
not	1
accurate	1
talked	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
to	1
2	1
1/2	1
hours	1
and	1
7	1
to	1
8	1
standby	1
on	1
1	1
charge	1
charged	1
in	1
2	1
hours	1
though.	1
I	1
don't	1
understand	1
the	1
negative	1
reviews.	1
Kind	1
of	1
flops	1
around.	1
0	1
When	1
connecting	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
iPod,	1
nothing	1
would	1
happen.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
lights	1
that	1
dance	1
to	1
the	1
ringtones!	1
The	1
backlight	1
is	1
great,	1
a	1
really	1
nice	1
no	1
nonsense	1
phone.	1
The	1
one	1
shipped	1
with	1
my	1
new	1
phone	1
lasts	1
approximately	1
12	1
hours	1
with	1
about	1
1	1
hour	1
of	1
talktime	1
before	1
requiring	1
recharging.	1
One	1
touch	1
dialing	1
is	1
very	1
handy	1
for	1
commonly	1
called	1
numbers.The	1
Bad:-	1
Sometimes	1
I	1
talk	1
too	1
much	1
on	1
this	1
phone.Bottom	1
line	1
There	1
are	1
better	1
products	1
in	1
the	1
market	1
which	1
are	1
smaller,	1
with	1
clear	1
sound	1
and	1
stable	1
on	1
the	1
visor.	1
Not	1
Compatible	1
with	1
E62.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
carry	1
around	1
a	1
slightly	1
thicker	1
version	1
of	1
your	1
PDA	1
and	1
call	1
it	1
a	1
phone,	1
then	1
the	1
RAZR	1
is	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
you.	1
It	1
holds	1
it	1
well	1
enough	1
but	1
only	1
vertically.	1
And	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent	1
with	1
music	1
and	1
movies.	1
My	1
only	1
beef	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
didn't	1
pair	1
with	1
my	1
iPhone	1
when	1
it	1
came	1
out.	1
good	1
brand,	1
marginal	1
product.	1
These	1
units	1
have	1
a	1
'low'	1
and	1
'loud'	1
setting	1
with	1
volume	1
up/down	1
for	1
the	1
'low'	1
(default)	1
level.	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
site	1
I	1
placed	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
pants	1
pocket,	1
around	1
my	1
arm,	1
and	1
even	1
a	1
foot	1
in	1
front	1
of	1
my	1
face.	1
records	1
video	1
with	1
audio.	1
I	1
also	1
adore	1
it	1
because	1
it's	1
so	1
thin,	1
and	1
a	1
flip!	1
I	1
would	1
love	1
to	1
know	1
if	1
anyone	1
else	1
is	1
having	1
the	1
same	1
experience	1
as	1
I	1
am.	1
Palm	1
HotSync	1
Connector.	1
Though	1
it	1
is	1
bulky	1
to	1
wear	1
with	1
glasses.	1
bait	1
and	1
switch!.	1
Using	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
headset,	1
once	1
paired,	1
is	1
easy.	1
I	1
now	1
have	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510,	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
It	1
takes	1
every	1
ounce	1
of	1
my	1
being	1
to	1
not	1
throw	1
it	1
against	1
a	1
wall	1
and	1
watch	1
it	1
explode	1
into	1
a	1
million	1
pieces.	1
For	1
the	1
money	1
I	1
would	1
go	1
a	1
little	1
higher	1
and	1
buy	1
a	1
little	1
better.	1
Absolutely	1
the	1
BEST!.	1
Software	1
Incompatible	1
With	1
Mac!!.	1
I	1
finally	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
control	1
most	1
iPod	1
functions	1
without	1
having	1
to	1
walk	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
to	1
where	1
the	1
stereo	1
system	1
is	1
located.	1
Text	1
Messaging	1
is	1
Fundamental.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
these!	1
The	1
screen	1
does	1
get	1
smudged	1
easily	1
because	1
it	1
touches	1
your	1
ear	1
and	1
face.	1
0	1
But,	1
it	1
was	1
cheap	1
so	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
expense	1
or	1
hassle	1
of	1
returning.	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
clearly	1
and	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
me.	1
Then	1
I	1
decide	1
to	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
try,	1
here	1
is	1
my	1
feedback	1
!1.	1
Makes	1
it	1
virtually	1
useless	1
as	1
a	1
phone	1
headset.	1
What	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk..	1
I	1
lose	1
more	1
calls	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
0	1
Unfortunately,	1
I	1
needed	1
them	1
soon	1
so	1
i	1
had	1
to	1
pay	1
top	1
dollar	1
for	1
them	1
(retail).	1
After	1
all,	1
Plantronics	1
was	1
on	1
the	1
frontier	1
of	1
wireless	1
headsets.	1
Buyer	1
beware.	1
Item	1
Does	1
Not	1
Match	1
Picture.	1
0	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
that	1
disappoint	1
me	1
is	1
the	1
infra	1
red	1
port	1
(irda).	1
0	1
No	1
money	1
back	1
on	1
this	1
one.	1
You	1
can	1
not	1
answer	1
calls	1
with	1
the	1
unit,	1
never	1
worked	1
once!	1
0	1
It's	1
rugged.	1
Well	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
perfect,	1
at	1
the	1
beginning	1
yea	1
you	1
will	1
feel	1
it	1
lightly	1
hold	1
on	1
to	1
your	1
ear	1
lobe	1
and	1
soon	1
after	1
you	1
would	1
forget	1
its	1
there	1
Also,	1
the	1
ear	1
wire	1
snapped	1
off	1
inside,	1
rendering	1
the	1
unit	1
useless.	1
So	1
far	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
them	1
for	1
several	1
months	1
without	1
any	1
problems.	1
Zero	1
problems.	1
I	1
am	1
really	1
disappointed.	1
Have	1
had	1
the	1
headset	1
for	1
my	1
SE	1
T610	1
for	1
about	1
1	1
year	1
now	1
and	1
have	1
used	1
it	1
heavily.	1
Not	1
what	1
I	1
expected..	1
The	1
tiny	1
pen	1
tip	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
on	1
my	1
Droid	1
3.	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
a	1
pin	1
drop	1
in	1
a	1
room	1
without	1
issue.	1
I	1
switched	1
from	1
Cingular	1
to	1
Verizon	1
for	1
service	1
reasons,	1
and	1
the	1
Q	1
seemed	1
like	1
the	1
closest	1
phone	1
to	1
the	1
Audiovox	1
SMT-5600	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
and	1
liked.	1
Just	1
found	1
out	1
from	1
the	1
service	1
rep	1
that,	1
in	1
their	1
system,	1
my	1
plan	1
IS	1
so-called	1
National	1
400	1
for	1
40	1
bucks	1
/	1
month.	1
Chances	1
are,	1
I'll	1
return	1
this.	1
As	1
a	1
business	1
customer	1
or	1
any	1
customer	1
why	1
am	1
I	1
being	1
changed	1
for	1
poor	1
service.	1
Very	1
solid	1
feel	1
to	1
it.	1
The	1
only	1
downside	1
to	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
the	1
dongle	1
control	1
module.	1
Ridiculous.	1
For	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
worked	1
great.	1
My	1
phone	1
is	1
fine,	1
thank	1
goodness.	1
I	1
was	1
excited	1
to	1
finally	1
get	1
an	1
ear	1
piece	1
that	1
would	1
allow	1
me	1
to	1
be	1
hands	1
free.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
rough	1
with	1
these,	1
but	1
I	1
think	1
using	1
them	1
everyday	1
at	1
work	1
just	1
wears	1
on	1
them	1
quick.	1
I	1
researched	1
and	1
researched,	1
and	1
the	1
PLantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
got	1
fantastic	1
reviews.	1
Fits	1
in	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
will	1
also	1
hook	1
around	1
the	1
ear,	1
but	1
that	1
loop	1
can	1
also	1
be	1
removed	1
if	1
you	1
want.	1
Phone	1
charger	1
is	1
much	1
smaller,	1
has	1
a	1
light	1
showing	1
electricity	1
is	1
working	1
and	1
just	1
plain	1
nicer	1
than	1
the	1
factory	1
charger	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
phone.	1
Poor	1
Quality,	1
Stopped	1
Working.	1
In	1
store	1
purchase	1
is	1
better	1
for	1
such	1
product	1
where	1
I	1
could	1
easily	1
take	1
back.The	1
bottom	1
line,	1
don't	1
waste	1
your	1
dollars	1
and	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
homeless	1
guy.	1
No	1
Problems	1
After	1
a	1
Year.	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
and	1
the	1
retractable	1
cable	1
is	1
nice	1
so	1
their	1
is	1
no	1
cable	1
hanging	1
down.	1
wrong	1
door.	1
Before	1
I	1
start	1
the..	1
well,	1
I've	1
already	1
started.	1
They	1
all	1
are	1
horrible	1
quality.	1
Does	1
not	1
allow	1
data	1
transfer	1
of	1
any	1
kind.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
given	1
it	1
3	1
stars	1
not	1
2,	1
but	1
I	1
can't	1
change	1
it.To	1
upgrade	1
your	1
phone	1
to	1
3	1
stars	1
too	1
you	1
must	1
do	1
the	1
following	1
-1.	1
They	1
referred	1
me	1
to	1
Microsoft,	1
because	1
the	1
GPS	1
uses	1
MS	1
Pocket	1
Maps.	1
(I	1
guess	1
that	1
is	1
why	1
folks	1
like	1
those	1
flip	1
phones	1
but	1
they	1
cost	1
more	1
than	1
an	1
infrequent	1
talker	1
like	1
me	1
is	1
willing	1
to	1
spend.	1
Each	1
time	1
Motorolla	1
customer	1
service	1
was	1
very	1
nice	1
about	1
replacing	1
it	1
however	1
the	1
rear	1
pocket	1
for	1
charging	1
batteries	1
has	1
never	1
worked.	1
I	1
didn't	1
hear	1
back	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
week.	1
It	1
might	1
be	1
just	1
defective	1
or	1
maybe	1
this	1
is	1
normal	1
who	1
knows.	1
Headset	1
is	1
great.	1
Im	1
going	1
to	1
make	1
this	1
short	1
but	1
will	1
say	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
really	1
good	1
Wireless	1
Headset.	1
very	1
frustrating.	1
Very	1
good	1
-	1
Used	1
with	1
laptop	1
for	1
PC	1
to	1
PC	1
talk.	1
$5	1
Learning	1
Experience.	1
No	1
Battery	1
provided.	1
But	1
shoot,	1
that	1
would	1
be	1
enough	1
to	1
scare	1
me	1
away..	1
even	1
though	1
these	1
just	1
happen	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
best	1
on	1
the	1
market..	1
WHERE	1
HAS	1
OUR	1
TECHNOLOGY	1
GONE?	1
The	1
signal	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
terrible.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
would	1
recommend	1
it	1
to	1
anyone	1
of	1
my	1
friends	1
and	1
family.	1
Email	1
contact	1
netted	1
a	1
standard	1
computer	1
reply	1
after	1
4	1
days	1
from	1
the	1
initial	1
inquiry	1
directing	1
us	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
company	1
website.	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
It	1
iseverything	1
I	1
expected.	1
It	1
means	1
you	1
are	1
plagued	1
with	1
dropped	1
calls	1
or	1
the	1
device	1
being	1
disconnected	1
because	1
the	1
SIM	1
has	1
lost	1
contact.	1
i	1
hope	1
someday	1
you	1
can	1
forgive	1
me,	1
but	1
i	1
just	1
cannot	1
live	1
like	1
this	1
any	1
longer.	1
Picked	1
up	1
four	1
units	1
and	1
no	1
regrets.	1
The	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
amazing!.	1
Not	1
only	1
do	1
the	1
covers	1
go	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
of	1
the	1
phone...	1
they	1
go	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
as	1
well!	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Jabra	1
BT250v	1
since	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
650.	1
Be	1
quiet!!!.	1
PHONE	1
ON	1
THE	1
MARKET.	1
I	1
left	1
the	1
screws	1
off	1
because	1
I	1
am	1
sure	1
it	1
will	1
jam	1
again.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
cause	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
nice	1
little	1
phone.	1
My	1
complain	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
button	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
lever	1
used	1
to	1
rewind/fast	1
forward	1
and	1
tends	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
hard	1
to	1
press.	1
good	1
when	1
it	1
works.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
reach	1
out	1
to	1
the	1
seller	1
directly,	1
however	1
I'm	1
new	1
at	1
this	1
site	1
and	1
don't	1
really	1
know	1
my	1
way	1
around.	1
But	1
PalmOS	1
is	1
showing	1
its	1
age.This	1
thing	1
locks	1
up	1
multiple	1
times	1
a	1
day.	1
Best	1
phone	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
I	1
think	1
it's	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
wife's	1
NUVI	1
GPS.	1
Make	1
sure	1
you	1
test	1
out	1
the	1
product	1
heavily	1
within	1
the	1
first	1
week	1
or	1
2	1
before	1
the	1
return	1
period	1
expires.	1
Very	1
good	1
and	1
comfortable	1
headset.	1
I've	1
had	1
two	1
Q's	1
-	1
including	1
a	1
brand-new	1
replacement	1
-	1
and	1
neither	1
can	1
handle	1
even	1
a	1
full	1
business	1
day	1
of	1
even	1
moderate	1
usage.	1
My	1
understanding	1
is	1
it's	1
a	1
generic	1
product,	1
so	1
the	1
quality	1
is	1
suspect.	1
I	1
figured	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
common	1
issue	1
and	1
called	1
motorola	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
ear	1
hook-	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
they	1
do	1
not	1
make	1
ANY	1
parts	1
for	1
this	1
model!!!	1
(During	1
a	1
meeting	1
you	1
can't	1
text	1
your	1
friends	1
to	1
tell	1
them	1
how	1
bored	1
you	1
are,	1
because	1
it	1
will	1
be	1
too	1
noisy,	1
for	1
example.	1
It's	1
a	1
nice	1
color	1
and	1
the	1
Zire	1
fits	1
in	1
the	1
case	1
well.	1
Finally	1
a	1
compact	1
versatile	1
device:.	1
Great	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
want	1
to	1
sync	1
with	1
PC	1
(Works	1
with	1
Mac).	1
try	1
that	1
when	1
you're	1
out	1
and	1
about.5.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money....	1
I	1
normally	1
don't	1
do	1
reviews,	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
one	1
product	1
I	1
feel	1
the	1
need	1
to	1
write	1
about.	1
Amazon	1
sucks	1
if	1
you're	1
trying	1
to	1
return	1
something.	1
I	1
try	1
to	1
hit	1
the	1
red	1
end	1
call	1
button	1
ASAP,	1
but	1
since	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
soooo	1
slow,	1
it	1
takes	1
forever	1
to	1
exit	1
the	1
browser.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
if	1
I	1
have	1
any	1
problems	1
I	1
will	1
update	1
you.	1
I	1
just	1
receive	1
this	1
case	1
and	1
it's	1
amazing.	1
They	1
even	1
look	1
like	1
OEM	1
batteries...so	1
sad.	1
It	1
definitely	1
appeals	1
to	1
my	1
girlyness.	1
it's	1
decent.	1
Maybe	1
they	1
should	1
have	1
encased	1
it	1
in	1
rubber.	1
The	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
not	1
loud	1
enough,	1
either.	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
slimline	1
phone,	1
the	1
battery	1
they	1
sold	1
me	1
makes	1
the	1
phone	1
twice	1
as	1
thick.	1
Low	1
Quality.	1
(And	1
let's	1
not	1
even	1
talk	1
about	1
the	1
Sidekick.)	1
There	1
are	1
times	1
when	1
I	1
receive	1
static	1
just	1
between	1
my	1
right	1
ear	1
and	1
my	1
leftside	1
belt	1
holster	1
(My	1
waist)...	1
Not	1
good.	1
Just	1
started	1
charging	1
extra!	1
The	1
ONLY	1
reason	1
I	1
selected	1
this	1
vendor	1
was	1
because	1
it	1
specifically	1
states	1
'Motorola	1
Packaging'	1
in	1
the	1
description.	1
From	1
now	1
on	1
I	1
will	1
stick	1
with	1
Samsung.PS	1
would	1
have	1
given	1
it	1
a	1
negative	1
number	1
of	1
stars	1
but	1
not	1
an	1
option	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
BT5020	1
based	1
on	1
its'	1
Best	1
Buy	1
recommendation	1
from	1
Consumer	1
Reports.	1
Although	1
I	1
do	1
find	1
they	1
break	1
after	1
about	1
9	1
months.	1
Good	1
Mobile	1
headset.	1
Was	1
a	1
lot	1
cheaper	1
than	1
buying	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
or	1
limiting	1
myself	1
to	1
extending	1
my	1
contract	1
with	1
current	1
provider.	1
Direct	1
connect	1
only	1
works	1
MAYBE	1
half	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Bought	1
two,	1
both	1
defective	1
for	1
Cingular.	1
Not	1
great	1
for	1
long	1
term	1
due	1
to	1
expiring	1
minutes.	1
But	1
I	1
guess	1
if	1
you're	1
reading	1
this,	1
it's	1
escaped	1
untouched.3	1
times	1
burned...	1
but	1
never	1
again,Mk	1
It's	1
really	1
kind	1
of	1
inexcusable.It's	1
enormous.	1
ON	1
SEPTEMBER	1
9,	1
2007.	1
mobile	1
phone	1
tool.	1
i'd	1
really	1
like	1
to	1
finally	1
see	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
works,	1
and	1
has	1
great	1
features.	1
To	1
me,	1
it's	1
worth	1
it	1
to	1
spend	1
more,	1
and	1
get	1
a	1
battery	1
I	1
know	1
is	1
fresh	1
and	1
will	1
perform	1
as	1
promised.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
unit	1
(probably	1
mostly	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
poor	1
fit)	1
seemed	1
distant	1
and	1
awkward.	1
This	1
is	1
why	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
replace	1
my	1
previous	1
tape	1
adapters	1
because	1
the	1
cord	1
was	1
always	1
getting	1
caught	1
on	1
things.	1
If	1
you	1
try	1
and	1
smooth	1
them	1
out	1
from	1
the	1
center,	1
it	1
just	1
doesn't	1
seem	1
to	1
work	1
as	1
well	1
and	1
you	1
scratch	1
the	1
surface	1
in	1
the	1
process.	1
I	1
wish	1
there	1
was	1
something	1
other	1
than	1
star	1
rating	1
system	1
for	1
this	1
one	1
because	1
the	1
product	1
might	1
be	1
perfect,	1
I	1
just	1
don't	1
know.	1
I'll	1
find	1
some	1
other	1
brand.	1
So	1
I	1
tried	1
a	1
different	1
type	1
of	1
screen	1
protector	1
that	1
can	1
be	1
cleaned	1
and	1
reused	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great!	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
As	1
online	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
purchases	1
go,	1
it's	1
absolutely	1
peachy	1
keen!	1
Then	1
I	1
would	1
try	1
and	1
start	1
it	1
again,	1
no	1
go!	1
Sin	1
comentarios.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
product.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
case.	1
good	1
product.	1
More	1
specifically,	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
ribbon	1
cable	1
that	1
is	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
slider.	1
They	1
don't	1
fit	1
my	1
ears	1
right.	1
It	1
looks	1
to	1
be	1
an	1
original	1
factory	1
item	1
as	1
it	1
has	1
"LG"	1
stamped	1
on	1
it.	1
But,	1
overall,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
pretty	1
nifty	1
phone	1
and	1
you	1
might	1
think	1
so,	1
too.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
your	1
case	1
to	1
provide	1
anything	1
but	1
a	1
slick	1
outside	1
I	1
would	1
instead	1
recommend	1
a	1
simple	1
leather	1
case	1
I	1
bought	1
at	1
JCPenney	1
for	1
$10!	1
its	1
the	1
year	1
2005	1
and	1
its	1
pretty	1
difficult	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
wont	1
fit	1
your	1
needs.	1
I	1
also	1
like	1
the	1
included	1
golf	1
game	1
to.	1
Back	1
to	1
Amazon	1
it	1
went.	1
It	1
won't	1
suit	1
everyone	1
but	1
that's	1
why	1
there	1
are	1
hundreds	1
of	1
different	1
models	1
of	1
phone	1
out	1
there!	1
GREAT	1
CASE.	1
It	1
works	1
great.	1
Works	1
about	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
battery	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
replace.	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
should	1
have	1
dropped	1
it	1
sooner	1
than	1
they	1
did.	1
It	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
always	1
OPEN!	1
Since	1
having	1
it	1
i	1
have	1
been	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
before	1
and	1
walked	1
away	1
from	1
my	1
car	1
leaving	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
I'm	1
returning	1
it	1
to	1
Amazon.	1
Went	1
back	1
a	1
third	1
time,	1
got	1
another	1
phone,	1
this	1
one	1
worked	1
about	1
6	1
hours.	1
The	1
unit	1
is	1
convenient	1
enough	1
to	1
keep	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
during	1
my	1
commute	1
to	1
and	1
from	1
work.	1
Voice	1
quality	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
it	1
paired	1
with	1
samsung	1
handset	1
without	1
any	1
issues.	1
I	1
managed	1
to	1
score	1
the	1
Snapper	1
for	1
only	1
$40	1
new	1
so	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
get	1
it.	1
Well,	1
I	1
made	1
lots	1
of	1
calls	1
un-intentionally,	1
so	1
I	1
thought	1
a	1
flip-phone	1
would	1
be	1
great	1
(and	1
I	1
am	1
pretty	1
quick	1
about	1
whipping	1
that	1
puppy	1
open).	1
The	1
final	1
straw	1
was	1
the	1
white	1
screen	1
of	1
death	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
access	1
the	1
calculator.	1
That	1
worked	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
once	1
again	1
the	1
music	1
became	1
choppy.	1
Be	1
sure	1
to	1
try	1
the	1
different	1
molded	1
earplug	1
inserts	1
supplied.	1
Should	1
never	1
believe	1
"usually	1
shipped	1
within	1
24	1
hours"	1
if	1
you	1
choose	1
free	1
shipping.	1
Didn't	1
work	1
out	1
of	1
box.	1
I	1
just	1
received	1
my	1
cases	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
disappointed	1
to	1
find	1
that	1
the	1
top	1
row	1
of	1
keys	1
is	1
covered.	1
Unfortunately,	1
they	1
would	1
not	1
stay	1
in	1
stereo	1
mode,	1
kept	1
reverting	1
back	1
to	1
mono.	1
when	1
i	1
got	1
this	1
unit	1
it	1
was	1
working	1
perfectly,	1
but	1
after	1
only	1
about	1
4	1
weeks	1
of	1
regular	1
use	1
suddenly	1
people	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me!	1
Well,	1
when	1
my	1
girlfriend	1
is	1
not	1
happy	1
then	1
I'm	1
not	1
happy,	1
back	1
it	1
goes.	1
Works	1
fine..	1
I	1
replaced	1
the	1
batteries	1
in	1
two	1
cordless	1
phones	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
Got	1
the	1
battery	1
in	1
time	1
but	1
after	1
charging	1
for	1
24	1
hours	1
the	1
battery	1
last	1
only	1
a	1
hours.	1
Go	1
with	1
the	1
much	1
LIGHTER	1
and	1
sleeker	1
samsung	1
e316	1
or	1
e317.	1
The	1
product	1
description	1
reads	1
It's	1
kind	1
of	1
annoying	1
how	1
only	1
the	1
center	1
of	1
the	1
pad	1
stays	1
on	1
the	1
dashboard,	1
while	1
the	1
edge	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
around	1
is	1
sticking	1
up	1
in	1
the	1
air.	1
Pretty	1
Alright.	1
The	1
usb	1
functionality	1
is	1
of	1
no	1
use.	1
It	1
almost	1
replaces	1
the	1
phone	1
if	1
I	1
could	1
dial	1
from	1
it.	1
Anyone	1
that	1
can	1
afford	1
it	1
should	1
get	1
it	1
now.	1
The	1
speaker	1
is	1
really	1
high	1
performance	1
making	1
it	1
usable	1
even	1
when	1
driving	1
under	1
noisy	1
road	1
conditions.4.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
locked	1
and	1
owned	1
by	1
VERIZON	1
NOT	1
YOU!!	1
As	1
someone	1
else	1
mentioned,	1
these	1
are	1
EXCEEDINGLY	1
difficult	1
to	1
unsnap.	1
Neither	1
you,	1
nor	1
the	1
other	1
party	1
hear	1
anything.	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
5	1
bars	1
and	1
then	1
it	1
drops.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
phone	1
w/service	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
I	1
could	1
return	1
for	1
full	1
refund	1
and	1
only	1
charged	1
for	1
any	1
air	1
time	1
used.	1
Cheap	1
plastic	1
and	1
cheap	1
construction.	1
We	1
bought	1
3	1
car	1
chargers	1
and	1
all	1
three	1
stopped	1
working	1
in	1
no	1
time.	1
When	1
I	1
contacted	1
Parrot,	1
they	1
said	1
it	1
wasn't	1
(?)	1
Works	1
well	1
for	1
my	1
husband's	1
Palm	1
Treo.	1
I	1
find	1
myself	1
repeatedly	1
twisting	1
the	1
thing	1
back	1
into	1
place.	1
Without	1
these	1
to	1
invoke	1
application-specific	1
menus	1
and	1
select	1
options,	1
one	1
apparently	1
must	1
actually	1
stop	1
and	1
pick	1
up	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
time	1
to	1
time	1
:-).	1
Great	1
Headset.	1
Hands-free	1
earpiece	1
volume	1
good6.	1
Regarding	1
comfort;	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
reviews	1
suggested	1
this	1
headset	1
was	1
among	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
around.	1
Love	1
thisproduct.	1
no	1
complaints,	1
comfortable,	1
recommended.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use.	1
You	1
basically	1
have	1
two	1
choices	1
for	1
this	1
type	1
of	1
ultra-sheer	1
protector	1
-	1
the	1
InvisibleShield	1
or	1
ShieldZone.	1
If	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
first	1
Bluetooth	1
wireless	1
headset	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
have	1
lost	1
the	1
first	1
one.	1
My	1
wife's	1
2	1
years	1
old	1
Motorola	1
V551	1
battery	1
was	1
not	1
lasting	1
very	1
long.	1
Items	1
was	1
as	1
advertised,	1
arrived	1
promply	1
and	1
works	1
great.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
crank	1
up	1
the	1
volume	1
to	1
hear	1
it,	1
and	1
the	1
tonal	1
quality	1
suffers	1
a	1
little.	1
It	1
adds	1
a	1
mounting	1
point	1
to	1
hold	1
whatever	1
accessory	1
you	1
can	1
think	1
of	1
that	1
will	1
fit	1
the	1
mount.	1
I'm	1
surprized	1
that	1
Amazon	1
sells	1
such	1
a	1
crappy	1
product.	1
Received	1
wrong	1
size	1
battery.	1
Go	1
directly	1
to	1
the	1
wireless	1
provider	1
and	1
ditch	1
the	1
middle	1
man.com.	1
Best	1
Phone	1
with	1
T-Mobile	1
1-Year	1
Contract,	1
Not	1
Perfect.	1
After	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
now	1
released	1
at	1
the	1
wrong	1
times.	1
Pretty	1
easy	1
to	1
setup	1
and	1
not	1
as	1
bulky	1
as	1
other	1
kits	1
that	1
has	1
a	1
cradle	1
for	1
your	1
phone.	1
For	1
anyone	1
else,	1
do	1
yourself	1
a	1
favor	1
and	1
spend	1
10	1
or	1
20	1
bucks	1
more	1
and	1
get	1
something	1
better;	1
there	1
are	1
plenty	1
of	1
options.	1
However,	1
I	1
understood	1
this	1
when	1
I	1
purchased	1
it.	1
Screenguardz	1
Screenguard	1
for	1
Treo600/650.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE.	1
The	1
aluminum	1
bumper	1
case	1
degraded	1
my	1
cell	1
service	1
signal.	1
excellent	1
device.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
almost	1
2	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
its	1
awesome.	1
Please	1
note	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
about	1
HP6315	1
as	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
from	1
T-Mobile.	1
I	1
would	1
suggest	1
this	1
item	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
cheap	1
way	1
to	1
increase	1
the	1
signal	1
strength	1
in	1
your	1
house.	1
I	1
took	1
the	1
headset	1
home	1
and	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
PC	1
and	1
Skype.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
second	1
attempt	1
at	1
buying	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
device	1
and	1
both	1
were	1
terrible.	1
I	1
know	1
the	1
later	1
model	1
supports	1
expandable	1
memory,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
free.3.	1
LOTS	1
better	1
than	1
paying	1
Verizon	1
$39.99+tax	1
;^)	1
This	1
is	1
what	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
buying	1
and	1
so	1
far	1
it's	1
great!	1
Sent	1
them	1
to	1
Motorola	1
and	1
the	1
second	1
pair	1
lasted	1
a	1
week.	1
It	1
claims	1
to	1
just	1
work	1
when	1
you	1
get	1
it,	1
but	1
I	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
having	1
some	1
trouble.	1
It	1
means	1
that	1
i	1
should	1
see	1
the	1
bt8010	1
main	1
piece	1
and	1
ATTACHABLE	1
SPEACKER	1
with	1
everything	1
else.	1
The	1
items	1
(2)	1
were	1
delivered	1
within	1
three	1
days	1
of	1
ordering.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
used	1
this	1
phone	1
yet.	1
The	1
volume	1
of	1
the	1
unit	1
is	1
not	1
enough	1
to	1
be	1
heard	1
with	1
my	1
Honda	1
ST1300	1
at	1
idle,	1
much	1
less	1
on	1
a	1
windy	1
day	1
running	1
at	1
70	1
mph.	1
I	1
charged	1
it	1
carefully	1
two	1
more	1
times	1
and	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
results.	1
It	1
looks	1
good	1
and	1
looks	1
like	1
it	1
will	1
protect	1
the	1
cell	1
phone.	1
The	1
volume	1
goes	1
way	1
up	1
on	1
the	1
thing	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
just	1
fine	1
even	1
when	1
I'm	1
driving.	1
It	1
is	1
working	1
well.	1
It	1
does	1
have	1
a	1
vibrate-only	1
option,	1
but	1
it's	1
not	1
included	1
in	1
the	1
volume	1
options.	1
Well,	1
within	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days,	1
I	1
noticed	1
light	1
coming	1
from	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
unit	1
I	1
was	1
using.	1
First	1
getting	1
it	1
I	1
was	1
exciting.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
partner	1
when	1
the	1
"no	1
talking	1
on	1
cell	1
phone	1
while	1
driving"	1
law	1
went	1
into	1
effect	1
here	1
in	1
California	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
ago.	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
battery	1
and	1
the	1
back	1
panel	1
fell	1
off.	1
Cool	1
phone.	1
Like	1
other	1
websites	1
I	1
do	1
agree	1
that	1
the	1
buttons	1
are	1
a	1
bit	1
slippery	1
and	1
a	1
bit	1
small	1
but	1
that's	1
no	1
a	1
big	1
setback.	1
Motorola	1
KRZR	1
Battery.	1
It	1
was	1
bad	1
and	1
she	1
wanted	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
but	1
didn't	1
know	1
what	1
to	1
get.	1
I	1
don't	1
recommend	1
anybody	1
to	1
buy	1
the	1
cable.	1
And	1
they	1
required	1
to	1
send	1
the	1
phone	1
again.	1
The	1
color	1
display	1
is	1
so-so	1
but	1
I've	1
enjoyed	1
using	1
the	1
free	1
software	1
from	1
the	1
Sony	1
Ericcson	1
website	1
to	1
turn	1
my	1
photos	1
into	1
wallpaper.	1
I'm	1
thrilled	1
to	1
even	1
realize	1
that.	1
Is	1
it	1
worth	1
[it]?	1
Plus	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
less	1
likely	1
to	1
slide	1
out	1
of	1
a	1
pocket	1
with	1
the	1
added	1
weight,	1
width	1
and	1
texture.	1
Great	1
phone..	1
This	1
phone	1
does	1
tr	1
job.	1
I	1
went	1
with	1
this	1
one	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
free.	1
Back	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
what	1
I	1
expected	1
for	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
but	1
it	1
works.	1
Also,	1
bluetooth	1
functionality	1
consistently	1
froze	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
pairing	1
with	1
computer	1
or	1
headset.	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
fit.	1
Nothing	1
to	1
say	1
other	1
than	1
always	1
look	1
for	1
the	1
best	1
deal	1
with	1
these.	1
Terrible	1
mouthpiece	1
-	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
not	1
talking	1
directly	1
into	1
the	1
mouthpiece,	1
your	1
listener	1
will	1
not	1
hear	1
you.	1
I	1
get	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
worth	1
of	1
use	1
on	1
one	1
charge,	1
that	1
is	1
awesome.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
small	1
adjustable	1
comfortable	1
over-the-head	1
setup	1
with	1
a	1
smaller	1
type	1
ear	1
cover	1
that	1
fits	1
well	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
&	1
blocks	1
out	1
outside	1
noise.	1
I	1
find	1
the	1
headset	1
quite	1
comfortable,	1
albeit	1
not	1
perfect.	1
But	1
I	1
tell	1
you,	1
its	1
the	1
best	1
case	1
I	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Just	1
like	1
another	1
reviewer	1
said	1
-	1
play	1
with	1
it	1
and	1
you	1
will	1
probably	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
comfortable	1
fit.	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
very	1
thin	1
and	1
form	1
fitting	1
(as	1
the	1
name	1
implies),	1
and	1
I	1
removed	1
all	1
parts	1
of	1
the	1
clip	1
so	1
it	1
was	1
even	1
more	1
so.	1
It's	1
also	1
not	1
the	1
one	1
in	1
the	1
picture	1
(note	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
embossed	1
logo).	1
I've	1
been	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
device	1
that	1
would	1
allow	1
me	1
to	1
actually	1
charge	1
my	1
iPod	1
with	1
AA	1
batteries,	1
not	1
just	1
extend	1
the	1
life.	1
then	1
i	1
find	1
out	1
amazon	1
will	1
not	1
will	1
not	1
back	1
up	1
there	1
products	1
after	1
30	1
days.	1
Then	1
the	1
voice	1
commands	1
do	1
not	1
work,	1
it	1
does	1
seem	1
to	1
understand	1
what	1
i	1
am	1
telling	1
it	1
to	1
do	1
even	1
after	1
I	1
programed	1
it	1
to.	1
So	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
return	1
everything,	1
yet	1
that's	1
when	1
the	1
real	1
problem	1
began.	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
just	1
add	1
a	1
sd	1
card	1
and	1
rock	1
on.	1
Reception	1
JUNK!.	1
I	1
was	1
scepticle	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
but	1
this	1
case	1
is	1
perfect	1
for	1
me.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
headset.	1
That's	1
because	1
it	1
takes	1
as	1
input	1
the	1
wire	1
that	1
connects	1
the	1
telephone	1
handset	1
to	1
the	1
telephone	1
base	1
unit.	1
We	1
attempted	1
to	1
activate	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
10	1
days.	1
I'm	1
pleased	1
in	1
general.	1
Only	1
bad	1
thing	1
about	1
is	1
clip	1
protrudes	1
out	1
too	1
far	1
and	1
rubs	1
your	1
skin	1
raw,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
move	1
it	1
around	1
frequently	1
to	1
prevent	1
from	1
hurting	1
yourself.	1
The	1
ear	1
pieces	1
are	1
cheap	1
and	1
uncomfortable.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.-	1
Programming	1
keypad	1
(the	1
only	1
down	1
arrow	1
key	1
can	1
be	1
reprogrammed)-	1
For	1
almost	1
everything	1
(ringtones,	1
apps,	1
etc.)	1
No	1
two	1
products	1
could	1
be	1
more	1
different	1
in	1
quality.	1
Product	1
shipped	1
quickly.	1
It	1
can	1
handle	1
and	1
is	1
fused	1
at	1
20	1
amps.I	1
have	1
two.	1
The	1
glue	1
that	1
holds	1
the	1
clip	1
to	1
the	1
case	1
separated.	1
It	1
is	1
Very	1
good!	1
I	1
am	1
thoroughly	1
satisfied	1
and	1
highly	1
recommend	1
doing	1
business	1
with	1
them.	1
Well,	1
it's	1
scratched	1
and	1
scarred	1
a	1
bit,	1
but	1
it	1
still	1
works	1
just	1
fine.Well,	1
I'm	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
masses	1
now,	1
no	1
longer	1
a	1
cellular	1
Luddite.	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
a	1
perfect	1
fit	1
for	1
the	1
phone.	1
Nobody	1
can	1
tell	1
the	1
difference	1
when	1
I	1
make	1
a	1
call	1
with	1
or	1
without	1
the	1
headset	1
However,	1
the	1
shape	1
of	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
made	1
it	1
seem	1
impossible	1
to	1
jerry	1
rig	1
something	1
myself,	1
and	1
so	1
it	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
anyone	1
to	1
get	1
them	1
for	1
your	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
want	1
to	1
spend	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
money	1
on	1
other	1
covers.	1
Carrying	1
case.	1
In	1
its	1
original	1
condition,	1
this	1
headset	1
was	1
not	1
functional	1
for	1
me	1
since	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
stay	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
Phone	1
model	1
advertised	1
NOT	1
supported.	1
And	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
simply	1
superb,	1
IMO.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
used.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
refund	1
because	1
I	1
cannot	1
Sync	1
by	1
pressing	1
the	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
dock,	1
but	1
if	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
cable	1
by	1
itself,	1
then	1
it	1
works	1
fine.	1
If	1
it	1
were	1
to	1
fit,	1
I'm	1
sure	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
great	1
product.	1
Few	1
Language	1
available.	1
i	1
made	1
a	1
30-minute	1
call	1
to	1
a	1
friend	1
and	1
i	1
was	1
charging	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
whole	1
day	1
without	1
any	1
use,	1
it	1
was	1
down	1
to	1
only	1
one	1
bar	1
(out	1
of	1
three.	1
You	1
can	1
easily	1
rotate	1
the	1
earpiece	1
hook	1
to	1
switch	1
from	1
left	1
to	1
right	1
and	1
vice	1
versa.	1
And	1
IT	1
WORKS	1
ONLY	1
TWO	1
TIMES.	1
LG	1
Data	1
Cable.	1
Or	1
you	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
the	1
docking	1
station	1
or	1
a	1
charging	1
station.	1
That	1
was	1
mistake	1
number	1
one.	1
My	1
iphone	1
does	1
not	1
even	1
fit	1
in.No	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
vendor.	1
Good	1
overall,	1
but	1
has	1
some	1
wind	1
issues.	1
Still	1
a	1
sleek	1
and	1
powerful	1
phone.	1
NOT	1
SO	1
UNLOCKED	1
PHONE.	1
I'll	1
buy	1
another	1
in	1
a	1
heartbeat!!	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
-	1
WILL	1
NOT	1
LAST.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
wait	1
to	1
get	1
it.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
battery	1
to	1
replace	1
for	1
my	1
cellphone,	1
it	1
works	1
like	1
a	1
charm	1
and	1
the	1
charge	1
lasts	1
over	1
5	1
days	1
with	1
minimal	1
use.	1
Also	1
her	1
texts	1
do	1
not	1
work	1
properly,	1
the	1
time	1
stamp	1
is	1
often	1
incorrect	1
and	1
sometimes	1
she	1
doesn't	1
receive	1
the	1
text	1
message	1
until	1
hours	1
later.	1
So,	1
I	1
gave	1
it	1
a	1
shot	1
and	1
this	1
blue	1
tooth	1
headset	1
is	1
really	1
awesome!.	1
But,	1
if	1
you're	1
like	1
me	1
and	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
good	1
quality	1
phone	1
with	1
reasonable	1
features,	1
then	1
check	1
out	1
the	1
pantech	1
c300.	1
Often	1
I	1
would	1
flip	1
it	1
open	1
and	1
the	1
screen	1
would	1
be	1
completely	1
white.	1
10	1
meters	1
my	1
@...	1
It's	1
no	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
icombi.	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
DEFINTELY	1
not	1
for	1
you.	1
The	1
cable	1
will	1
develop	1
a	1
bare	1
spot	1
near	1
the	1
device	1
connector	1
end	1
and	1
short	1
itself	1
out.	1
This	1
thing	1
is	1
a	1
ripoff!	1
However	1
the	1
battery	1
allowed	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
turn	1
on	1
once,	1
but	1
it	1
would	1
not	1
recharge.	1
this	1
faceplate	1
is	1
so	1
cute!	1
It	1
broke	1
on	1
mine	1
the	1
very	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
sat	1
down	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
This	1
was	1
great	1
for	1
the	1
PPC	1
6700	1
made	1
by	1
HTC.	1
Sound	1
Quality.	1
I	1
got	1
far	1
more	1
unpopped	1
kernels	1
with	1
that	1
brand	1
than	1
with	1
Act	1
II.I	1
have	1
overpopped	1
Act	1
II	1
popcorn,	1
which	1
generates	1
drier	1
popcorn.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
blooth	1
and	1
charged	1
it	1
for	1
over	1
3	1
hours	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
cuts	1
off	1
on	1
my	1
conversations	1
after	1
five	1
minutes.	1
I'm	1
50/50	1
right	1
now	1
as	1
to	1
whether	1
I	1
will	1
return	1
them	1
or	1
just	1
try	1
to	1
deal	1
with	1
it.	1
And	1
the	1
picture	1
has	1
problem	1
also.	1
the	1
technical	1
details	1
are	1
awesome	1
but	1
please	1
read	1
another	1
review	1
somewhere	1
else	1
for	1
that!later	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
replaceable	1
or	1
repairable	1
so	1
the	1
whole	1
case	1
is	1
not	1
useless.	1
I	1
was	1
travelling	1
for	1
work	1
and	1
in	1
the	1
rush	1
to	1
make	1
my	1
flight,	1
had	1
forgotten	1
to	1
pack	1
my	1
chargers.	1
I	1
tried	1
both	1
Jawbones	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
so	1
much	1
better	1
and	1
more	1
comfortable.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good,	1
some	1
people	1
say	1
I	1
sound	1
far	1
away,	1
I'm	1
experimenting	1
with	1
the	1
gain	1
on	1
the	1
ipaq,	1
we'll	1
see	1
if	1
that	1
helps.	1
Yeah	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
is	1
ok,	1
but	1
the	1
real	1
problem	1
with	1
this	1
whole	1
offer	1
is	1
ordering	1
through	1
Amazon.com,	1
as	1
noted	1
by	1
another	1
review	1
already.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
separated	1
from	1
the	1
Palm.	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
fantastic.	1
Great	1
Product!.	1
Great	1
Quality.	1
My	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
was	1
I	1
think	1
a	1
motorola.	1
I	1
believe	1
this	1
may	1
be	1
a	1
simple	1
hardware	1
issue,	1
but	1
I'm	1
not	1
about	1
to	1
look	1
into	1
it.	1
A	1
GOOD	1
bluetooth	1
is	1
one	1
that	1
the	1
receiver	1
of	1
the	1
call	1
cant	1
tell	1
your	1
using.	1
Good	1
sound.	1
PRODUCT	1
DISASTER.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
it	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks	1
and	1
it	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
very	1
well.	1
I	1
also	1
did	1
not	1
realize	1
my	1
blackberry	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
voice	1
activation	1
capability,	1
so	1
the	1
extra	1
money	1
spent	1
for	1
this	1
feature	1
is	1
wasted.	1
Super	1
buy,	1
shipped	1
pretty	1
quick,	1
even	1
recieved	1
the	1
all	1
important	1
tracking	1
number.	1
FANTASTIC	1
!.	1
This	1
may	1
be	1
my	1
last	1
Amazon	1
purchase.	1
At	1
least	1
i	1
got	1
a	1
replacement.	1
got	1
this	1
in	1
the	1
mail	1
yesterday,	1
havent	1
used	1
it	1
to	1
much	1
but	1
so	1
far	1
so	1
good.	1
The	1
problem	1
with	1
most	1
screen	1
protectors	1
is	1
they	1
leave	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
bubbles	1
when	1
you	1
put	1
them	1
on	1
the	1
screen,	1
but	1
the	1
JAVOScreen	1
is	1
different.	1
You	1
won't	1
even	1
get	1
crystal-clear	1
voices.	1
The	1
driving	1
mode	1
is	1
also	1
a	1
nice	1
touch,	1
although,	1
people	1
find	1
it	1
hard	1
to	1
hear	1
me	1
on	1
the	1
speaker	1
phone.	1
I	1
will	1
admit	1
the	1
design	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
nice,	1
as	1
is	1
the	1
lcd.	1
After	1
I	1
upgraded	1
to	1
a	1
motorola	1
my	1
signals	1
were	1
50x	1
better.	1
Sprint	1
fix	1
is	1
to	1
do	1
a	1
hard	1
boot	1
or	1
replace	1
the	1
phone	1
that	1
is	1
equally	1
as	1
bad.	1
Super	1
cheap,	1
super	1
flimsy.	1
!...I	1
called	1
several	1
wireless	1
carriers	1
and	1
all	1
wanted	1
me	1
to	1
pay	1
big	1
time	1
to	1
own	1
this	1
phone;	1
EVEN	1
T-MOBILE!	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
removed	1
the	1
protector	1
to	1
clean	1
it	1
yet,	1
so	1
I	1
can't	1
comment	1
on	1
that	1
feature.	1
Maybe	1
the	1
pending	1
litigation	1
has	1
something	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
their	1
new	1
promises	1
to	1
re-enable	1
the	1
features.	1
Great	1
case;	1
thin	1
material	1
which	1
means	1
less	1
bulk.	1
Menu	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
slow,	1
but	1
overall,	1
phone	1
is	1
very	1
functional.But	1
watch	1
the	1
Amazon	1
rebates	1
on	1
these	1
(T-Mobile	1
rebate	1
is	1
fine).	1
Backround	1
noise	1
and	1
not	1
very	1
clear.The	1
worse	1
part	1
was	1
that	1
the	1
unit	1
fell	1
off	1
the	1
visor	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
took	1
a	1
turn.	1
I	1
expected	1
and	1
received	1
an	1
excellent	1
product.	1
My	1
goal	1
was	1
to	1
not	1
bring	1
a	1
laptop	1
to	1
class	1
for	1
taking	1
notes.	1
Cord	1
is	1
thin	1
and	1
light	1
but	1
seems	1
sturdy	1
and	1
flexible	1
enough.	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
faint	1
at	1
first	1
because	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
pay	1
$100	1
for	1
this	1
phone	1
since	1
it	1
wasn't	1
a	1
contract	1
she's	1
using	1
it	1
for.	1
Don't	1
waist	1
your	1
money	1
...	1
when	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
item	1
there	1
were	1
no	1
reviews.	1
Samsung	1
WEP200.	1
Packaging	1
was	1
correct,	1
item	1
was	1
not.	1
I	1
need	1
about	1
twice	1
that.	1
It's	1
just	1
a	1
cable,	1
but	1
a	1
needed	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
phone;	1
glad	1
it	1
works	1
and	1
that	1
I'm	1
having	1
no	1
issues	1
using	1
it.	1
The	1
menus	1
are	1
intuitive	1
and	1
you	1
don't	1
even	1
need	1
to	1
refer	1
to	1
the	1
manual	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
features.	1
This	1
charger	1
works	1
just	1
like	1
the	1
OEM	1
for	1
my	1
T-Mobile	1
Shadow.	1
Supertooth	1
II	1
microphone	1
volume	1
too	1
low.	1
I	1
guess	1
it	1
is	1
this	1
way	1
to	1
protect	1
your	1
hearing.	1
Reasonably	1
priced.Con's,1.	1
The	1
end	1
effect	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
screen	1
has	1
a	1
3D	1
feel	1
to	1
it,	1
but	1
it	1
also	1
feels	1
like	1
you're	1
watching	1
it	1
through	1
a	1
pair	1
of	1
red/blue	1
3D	1
glasses.	1
And	1
you	1
can't	1
do	1
much	1
in	1
the	1
way	1
of	1
transferring	1
pictures,	1
contacts,	1
ringtones,	1
etc.	1
The	1
keyboard	1
locks	1
into	1
place	1
for	1
lap-typing,	1
the	1
keys	1
are	1
big	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
type	1
with,	1
it's	1
small	1
and	1
has	1
its	1
own	1
zippered	1
pouch	1
for	1
protection.	1
No	1
sound	1
with	1
6131	1
(v5.5	1
firmware)	1
either.	1
I	1
HAVE	1
TURNED	1
OTHER	1
FRIENDS	1
ONTO	1
ATT.	1
My	1
search	1
continues.	1
Great	1
Service.	1
I	1
took	1
out	1
the	1
SIM,	1
put	1
in	1
another	1
one	1
(when	1
I	1
got	1
home)	1
and	1
it	1
still	1
wouldn't	1
charge	1
properly	1
-	1
kept	1
cycling	1
on	1
and	1
off.	1
I	1
opted	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
old	1
phone	1
for	1
an	1
extra	1
month	1
so	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
be	1
missing	1
calls	1
while	1
trying	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
this	1
new	1
phone.	1
An	1
excellent	1
choice.	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
special	1
device	1
in	1
order	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
work	1
with	1
verizon.	1
Wouldn't	1
Recommend.	1
After	1
learning	1
this	1
case	1
had	1
been	1
discontinued,	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
on	1
Amazon.	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
iPhone	1
3GS.	1
Great	1
Product,	1
Drops	1
Calls.	1
;	1
So,	1
for	1
example,	1
any	1
European	1
or	1
American	1
pay-as-you-go	1
sim	1
will	1
work.	1
But	1
not	1
this	1
one!When	1
I'm	1
in	1
a	1
call,	1
the	1
reception	1
keeps	1
dying	1
within	1
a	1
few	1
minutes.	1
Definitely	1
try	1
out	1
Vonage.	1
I	1
was	1
highly	1
disappointed	1
that	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
speakerphone	1
or	1
voice	1
dialing	1
capabilities...	1
not	1
to	1
mention	1
bluetooth.	1
Awesome	1
product!	1
They're	1
totally	1
unprepared	1
for	1
the	1
job.	1
Vast	1
upgrade	1
from	1
an	1
early	1
model	1
Motorola	1
V3	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
using.	1
First	1
the	1
darn	1
thing	1
would	1
not	1
fit	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
properly.	1
Amazon	1
does	1
not	1
sell	1
the	1
latest	1
model,	1
nor	1
does	1
it	1
inform	1
of	1
this.	1
All	1
in	1
all	1
...	1
A	1
great	1
and	1
simple	1
case.	1
The	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
allow	1
itself	1
to	1
be	1
found	1
(even	1
though	1
it	1
was	1
in	1
discovery	1
mode)	1
unless	1
I	1
turned	1
the	1
car	1
off.	1
Works	1
Well.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
one	1
I've	1
bought	1
so	1
we	1
have	1
one	1
for	1
each	1
of	1
the	1
cars.	1
Disappointed.	1
Motorola	1
is	1
BAD	1
and	1
phone	1
is	1
DEFECTIVE	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY.	1
Until	1
then,	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
Motorola	1
cigarette	1
lighter	1
adapter	1
for	1
Motorola	1
phones..	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
this	1
purchase.	1
Had	1
it	1
now	1
for	1
nearly	1
a	1
year	1
and	1
everything	1
works	1
perfectly.	1
I'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
case.	1
I	1
guess	1
it	1
can	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
uncomfortable	1
but	1
hey	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
ton	1
of	1
ear	1
hooks	1
and	1
buds	1
so	1
give	1
them	1
a	1
try	1
before	1
you	1
decide	1
its	1
not	1
for	1
you.	1
I	1
have	1
written	1
to	1
the	1
company,	1
but	1
they	1
have	1
totally	1
ignored	1
my	1
complaint.	1
The	1
one	1
I	1
received	1
in	1
the	1
mail	1
is	1
that	1
of	1
an	1
imitation	1
and	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
made	1
in	1
China.	1
Item	1
recieved	1
NOT	1
as	1
pictured	1
(Not	1
at	1
all).	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W950i	1
Travel	1
Wall	1
charger	1
works	1
great.	1
Screen	1
protector?.	1
I	1
have	1
Dell	1
manufactured	1
internal	1
bluetooth	1
card	1
installed	1
in	1
my	1
laptop.	1
I	1
would	1
say	1
BT	1
headsets	1
in	1
general	1
are	1
best	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
pure	1
audio	1
since	1
there	1
is	1
nothing	1
visual	1
to	1
be	1
in	1
sync	1
with.	1
This	1
one	1
is	1
almost	1
perfect	1
for	1
the	1
Tilt/HTC	1
Kaiser.This	1
magnet	1
version	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
velcro	1
one.	1
I	1
finally	1
bought	1
the	1
extender	1
to	1
hopefully	1
improve	1
my	1
one/two	1
bar	1
reception.	1
Terrible	1
case	1
for	1
the	1
HS700.	1
High	1
quality,	1
works	1
very	1
well,	1
can	1
not	1
believe	1
theprice	1
but	1
then,	1
it	1
is	1
from	1
China	1
Only	1
gave	1
it	1
4	1
stars	1
because	1
I'd	1
love	1
it	1
to	1
come	1
in	1
a	1
lot	1
more	1
colors	1
to	1
match	1
all	1
my	1
handbags.	1
The	1
Monthly	1
Plans	1
are	1
Crap.	1
Mine	1
was	1
used,	1
no	1
doubt	1
about	1
it.	1
Lo	1
uso	1
en	1
mi	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
650	1
y	1
es	1
mejor	1
que	1
la	1
que	1
trajo	1
de	1
f&aacute;brica.	1
Ear	1
piece	1
volume	1
and	1
clarity	1
is	1
fine,	1
but	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
worthless	1
to	1
me	1
if	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
has	1
a	1
hard	1
time	1
hearing	1
me.	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
randomly	1
turn	1
off.Dont	1
get	1
the	1
phone.	1
Don't	1
Buy	1
This!.	1
Guess	1
what?	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
computer	1
to	1
detect	1
it,	1
but	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
able	1
to	1
send	1
any	1
images	1
or	1
files	1
to	1
it.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
so	1
compact	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
Keep	1
looking....	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
physical	1
design.	1
Love	1
the	1
phone,	1
service	1
needs	1
lots	1
of	1
improvement.	1
The	1
phone	1
looks	1
and	1
feels	1
cool.	1
Aside	1
from	1
this	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
I	1
ordered	1
it	1
through	1
Amazon	1
and	1
the	1
order	1
was	1
fulfilled	1
by	1
a	1
different	1
company.	1
I	1
purchased	1
in	1
August	1
and	1
it	1
worked	1
very	1
well.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
poor	1
fit	1
for	1
the	1
Katana.	1
Before	1
3	1
months	1
passed,	1
both	1
fell	1
apart.	1
Get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
You	1
have	1
been	1
warned.	1
I	1
charged	1
the	1
battery	1
and	1
after	1
two	1
days	1
of	1
not	1
using	1
the	1
phone,	1
the	1
battery	1
was	1
dead.	1
Does	1
the	1
job,	1
sounds	1
good..	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
my	1
Samsung	1
WEP200	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
now.	1
Later	1
I	1
founf	1
another	1
charger	1
I	1
purchased	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
ZEN	1
either,	1
but	1
the	1
replacement	1
charger	1
DID	1
work	1
with	1
a	1
Sansa	1
MP3	1
player.	1
First	1
let	1
me	1
tell	1
you	1
that	1
I	1
am	1
an	1
engineer	1
that	1
looks	1
at	1
detail	1
and	1
have	1
worked	1
with	1
mil	1
spec	1
requirements	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
time.	1
Selling	1
used	1
batteries	1
would	1
be	1
OK	1
if	1
they	1
were	1
identified	1
as	1
such.TR	1
Learning	1
Curve.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
zBoost	1
yx610	1
directly	1
from	1
Amazon	1
because	1
of	1
their	1
return	1
policy.	1
They	1
were	1
easy	1
to	1
start	1
using	1
and	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
our	1
cell	1
phones.	1
They	1
sent	1
me	1
two	1
fake	1
devices.	1
I	1
tried	1
two	1
Motorola	1
BTs	1
(H371	1
and	1
H700),	1
then	1
this	1
one,	1
because	1
of	1
all	1
the	1
great	1
reviews.	1
nice	1
improvement.	1
I'd	1
like	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
group	1
them	1
together.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE!.	1
Better	1
than	1
the	1
CS55.	1
Not	1
Impressed	1
with	1
this	1
case	1
overall.	1
i	1
love	1
nokia	1
but	1
this	1
phone	1
sucks.	1
Product	1
came	1
in	1
time,	1
but	1
did	1
not	1
work!	1
looks	1
nice.	1
Trust	1
me	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
many	1
phones	1
and	1
headsets.This	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
headset	1
regardless	1
of	1
the	1
cheap	1
price.	1
It	1
is	1
made	1
of	1
aluminum	1
and	1
is	1
destroyed	1
just	1
like	1
aluminum.	1
Who	1
wants	1
to	1
do	1
that?	1
Not	1
sure	1
who	1
to	1
blame.	1
for	1
some	1
reason	1
i	1
got	1
used	1
headset	1
in	1
a	1
new	1
cover.although	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
lowest	1
price	1
in	1
amazon	1
for	1
h500	1
headset	1
but	1
now	1
i	1
know	1
the	1
reason.	1
T-Mobile	1
salesman	1
told	1
me	1
the	1
X475	1
was	1
far	1
superior	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
Motorola	1
C332,	1
which	1
DID	1
have	1
voice	1
dialing!	1
Apple	1
is	1
selling	1
these	1
thngs	1
for	1
$40	1
dollars.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
mine	1
for	1
around	1
4	1
months	1
and	1
the	1
prongs	1
are	1
destroyed.	1
The	1
main	1
reason	1
I	1
am	1
writing	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
dishonest	1
service	1
I	1
have	1
gotten	1
from	1
Virgin	1
Mobile.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
the	1
leather	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
workmanship.Will	1
buy	1
from	1
seller	1
again.	1
The	1
product	1
probably	1
works	1
fine,	1
but	1
unfortunately	1
it	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
the	1
phone	1
it	1
was	1
advertised	1
with.	1
I	1
also	1
ended	1
up	1
with	1
2	1
of	1
them	1
when	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
was	1
bad	1
microphone	1
per	1
fellowes.com	1
tech	1
support.	1
I	1
use	1
them	1
both	1
for	1
phone	1
calls	1
and	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
audio	1
from	1
my	1
compupter.	1
The	1
style	1
is	1
also	1
good,	1
the	1
frosted	1
back	1
gives	1
it	1
a	1
nice	1
clean	1
look.	1
You	1
should	1
also..you	1
will	1
not	1
be	1
disappointed..	1
Unfortunately,	1
the	1
retracting	1
mechanism	1
doesn't	1
work	1
very	1
easily.	1
They	1
Keep	1
Geting	1
Better	1
and	1
Better	1
-	1
Treo	1
600	1
Sprint.	1
My	1
joy	1
at	1
having	1
found	1
such	1
a	1
cool	1
product	1
turned	1
into	1
disappointment	1
as	1
I	1
read	1
about	1
the	1
similar	1
experiences	1
of	1
others.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
unit	1
with	1
the	1
auto	1
lifter	1
approximately	1
three	1
years	1
ago	1
and	1
use	1
mine	1
every	1
day	1
at	1
work,	1
a	1
lot.	1
The	1
charger	1
is	1
really	1
bad,	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
week,	1
it	1
fall	1
from	1
my	1
bed	1
to	1
the	1
floor	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
no	1
work,	1
the	1
height	1
was	1
30	1
in,	1
really	1
bad	1
product!	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
need	1
an	1
ampleflier	1
sound	1
quality	1
unacceptable.	1
The	1
case	1
fits	1
well	1
and	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
stretch	1
a	1
little	1
and	1
the	1
button	1
problems	1
seem	1
to	1
go	1
away.	1
The	1
phone	1
was	1
nice	1
but	1
it	1
or	1
the	1
service	1
dropped	1
called	1
almost	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
made	1
a	1
phone	1
call.	1
Although	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
camera	1
or	1
the	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
gadgets,	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
reliable.	1
as	1
for	1
the	1
i305	1
-	1
it's	1
the	1
complete	1
opposite	1
of	1
the	1
i205	1
(but	1
the	1
battery	1
like	1
is	1
aout	1
the	1
same,	1
very	1
short).	1
It	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
cell	1
phones	1
I've	1
ever	1
owned.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
smaller	1
than	1
the	1
wider	1
frame	1
of	1
the	1
RZRs	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
well	1
built	1
and	1
contains	1
all	1
the	1
same	1
capabilities.	1
Not	1
Worth	1
It......Color	1
Wears	1
Easily.	1
Helpful	1
Battery.	1
Also	1
purchased	1
a	1
s9	1
headset	1
got3	1
hours	1
out	1
of	1
that.	1
)Yes,	1
that	1
is	1
my	1
only	1
qualm.	1
worked	1
with	1
my	1
6103.	1
Piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
i	1
have	1
long	1
nails	1
(most	1
of	1
the	1
times)	1
and	1
sometimes	1
my	1
fingers	1
slips	1
and	1
i	1
type	1
something	1
else.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
after	1
lots	1
of	1
rave	1
reviews.	1
Instead,	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
option	1
of	1
downloading	1
ringtones	1
at	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
about	1
3	1
dollars	1
which	1
only	1
last	1
90	1
days	1
on	1
your	1
phone.	1
It	1
may	1
be	1
stretchy,	1
but	1
sometimes	1
not	1
long	1
enough	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
charge	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time.	1
Poor	1
design.	1
Battery	1
review.	1
The	1
image	1
on	1
the	1
site	1
was	1
of	1
relevance	1
to	1
a	1
Cingular	1
phone	1
which	1
is	1
different	1
in	1
dimensions.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
USB	1
cable	1
to	1
try	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
as	1
a	1
modem.	1
Comfortable,	1
easy	1
to	1
pair,	1
affordable.	1
It	1
dropped	1
calls	1
on	1
a	1
regular	1
basis	1
in	1
my	1
hometown.	1
But	1
after	1
only	1
one	1
month	1
of	1
use,	1
I	1
noticed	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
sound	1
coming	1
from	1
the	1
right	1
side	1
speakers.	1
Very	1
poor	1
design!	1
It	1
should	1
have	1
been	1
more	1
like	1
a	1
Address	1
Book	1
or	1
something.	1
and	1
I'm	1
stuck	1
with	1
the	1
thing	1
for	1
another	1
year!!	1
This	1
V3	1
dropped	1
calls	1
like	1
no	1
manana.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
bulky	1
compared	1
to	1
comparable	1
flip	1
models	1
but	1
that	1
really	1
isn't	1
a	1
big	1
deal.	1
A	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
after	1
I	1
bought	1
this,	1
the	1
retractable	1
cable	1
mechanism	1
broke,	1
leaving	1
me	1
with	1
a	1
cord	1
that	1
was	1
tangled	1
up	1
inside.	1
So	1
I	1
bought	1
another	1
$20	1
corded	1
phone	1
(29318GE1)	1
and	1
the	1
cs50	1
worked	1
with	1
it,	1
but	1
the	1
other	1
party	1
could	1
not	1
hear	1
me	1
well.	1
Lasts	1
Long,	1
If	1
Treated	1
Right.	1
that's	1
the	1
only	1
gripe	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
this	1
camera...er...	1
phone.	1
Got	1
hot	1
the	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
into	1
a	1
converter	1
for	1
my	1
trip	1
to	1
Europe.	1
Best	1
Stereo	1
Bluetooth...	1
Better	1
than	1
few	1
Hign	1
end	1
headphone.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
use.	1
As	1
someone	1
else	1
posted	1
Beware	1
of	1
LG	1
Phones.	1
Camera	1
not	1
working!.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
it	1
a	1
phone	1
problem	1
due	1
to	1
all	1
the	1
issues	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
this	1
755p	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
know	1
for	1
sure	1
yet.	1
I	1
was	1
planning	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
around	1
my	1
dorm	1
but	1
the	1
walls	1
are	1
too	1
thick,	1
so	1
the	1
wireless	1
is	1
completely	1
pointless.	1
It	1
was	1
such	1
a	1
let	1
down.	1
My	1
only	1
concern	1
is	1
when	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
pocket.	1
No	1
matter	1
how	1
you	1
set	1
it,	1
the	1
device	1
squeezes	1
your	1
ear.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
add	1
any	1
value	1
--	1
doesn't	1
make	1
the	1
phone	1
easier	1
to	1
carry	1
or	1
use,	1
doesn't	1
add	1
significant	1
protection,	1
or	1
do	1
anything	1
else.	1
It's	1
Very	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
but	1
the	1
files	1
end	1
up	1
being	1
VERY	1
large.	1
The	1
software	1
its	1
a	1
mess.	1
Label	1
states	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
for	1
a	1
600....it	1
doesnt	1
fit	1
a	1
650	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
($250.00)	1
or	1
pay	1
the	1
$50.00	1
fee	1
for	1
the	1
SAME	1
MODEL	1
phone.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
use	1
for	1
this,	1
other	1
than	1
cosmetic.	1
not	1
as	1
easy	1
as	1
it	1
sounds.	1
This	1
review	1
is	1
not	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
horrible	1
service	1
Amazon	1
provides.	1
The	1
Galaxy	1
S3	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone,	1
but	1
its	1
finish	1
is	1
very	1
slippery,	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
too	1
easy	1
to	1
drop.	1
I	1
first	1
read	1
the	1
review	1
for	1
this	1
device	1
in	1
Barrons.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
believe	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
phone,	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
paying	1
some	1
outrageous	1
price	1
to	1
have	1
one.	1
It	1
would	1
be	1
nice	1
if	1
it	1
had	1
an	1
LED	1
indicator	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
connected	1
as	1
some	1
other	1
units	1
do.	1
I	1
would	1
look	1
for	1
a	1
higher	1
end	1
battery.	1
655	1
headset.	1
Well,	1
I	1
think	1
I	1
am	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
lucky	1
ones	1
that	1
still	1
has	1
their	1
original	1
Q	1
after	1
7	1
months	1
of	1
service.	1
For	1
example,	1
my	1
phone	1
the	1
Motorola	1
W385,	1
does	1
NOT	1
support	1
the	1
MultiMedia	1
Studio.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
what's	1
going	1
on	1
with	1
mine.	1
This	1
sort	1
of	1
bugs	1
me	1
because	1
I	1
use	1
tasks	1
a	1
lot	1
in	1
Outlook.3.	1
His	1
phone	1
fell	1
out	1
and	1
broke	1
in	1
half	1
the	1
second	1
day	1
he	1
had	1
the	1
new	1
clip.I	1
would	1
have	1
rated	1
this	1
item	1
zero	1
stars	1
had	1
it	1
let	1
me.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
time	1
or	1
money.	1
It	1
was	1
sent	1
to	1
me	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
phone	1
by	1
my	1
insurance	1
company.	1
I'm	1
glad	1
I	1
didn't	1
pay	1
$20	1
for	1
one	1
in	1
the	1
store.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
set	1
and	1
I'm	1
satysfied	1
with	1
it.	1
The	1
belt	1
clip	1
is	1
another	1
story.	1
Good	1
combo	1
phone	1
...	1
but.	1
With	1
the	1
purchase	1
of	1
this	1
product	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
able	1
to	1
access	1
many	1
uses	1
that	1
I	1
formerly	1
was	1
unable	1
to	1
access	1
on	1
my	1
phone.	1
They	1
have	1
many	1
purchase	1
plans	1
to	1
choose	1
from,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
too	1
difficult	1
to	1
do	1
the	1
math	1
and	1
determine	1
which	1
one	1
is	1
right	1
for	1
you.	1
Jawbone	1
went	1
back	1
two	1
days	1
after	1
trying	1
it	1
out,	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
worst	1
and	1
most	1
expensive.Give	1
this	1
one	1
a	1
shot	1
do	1
not	1
let	1
the	1
low	1
price	1
fool	1
you.	1
boxwave	1
stylus.	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these.	1
I	1
recently	1
received	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
pleased	1
that	1
the	1
retractable	1
cable	1
is	1
a	1
steel	1
wire,	1
which	1
looks	1
pretty	1
robust.	1
I	1
also	1
purchased	1
a	1
w810i,	1
and	1
while	1
the	1
phones	1
are	1
similar	1
in	1
function,	1
it	1
also	1
came	1
with	1
a	1
128MB	1
Memory	1
Stick	1
Duo,	1
USB	1
cable,	1
and	1
software.	1
This	1
is	1
PERFECT...it	1
is	1
the	1
ONLY	1
iPod	1
accessory	1
that	1
I	1
own	1
that	1
actually	1
fits	1
my	1
iPod	1
Touch	1
while	1
it's	1
still	1
in	1
its	1
case.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
at	1
work	1
when	1
it's	1
low	1
on	1
battery.	1
The	1
Good	1
-	1
Small	1
and	1
light	1
weight	1
with	1
good	1
color	1
displays.	1
Two	1
stars	1
because	1
I	1
"suppose"	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
ok	1
had	1
it	1
come	1
with	1
everything	1
intact	1
and	1
I	1
did	1
finally	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
a	1
back-up	1
plug	1
I	1
had.	1
Shortly	1
after	1
that,	1
the	1
phone	1
couldn't	1
recognize	1
it	1
was	1
closed.	1
Orange	1
sherbet	1
and	1
vanilla	1
ice	1
cream!).	1
The	1
cell	1
pouch	1
pictured	1
is	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
shipped	1
from	1
AccessoryOne.	1
Also,	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
easy	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
Treo	1
from	1
the	1
dock.	1
Very	1
fun!I've	1
heard	1
people	1
say	1
that	1
they	1
don't	1
like	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
"obnoxious	1
lights"	1
and	1
"annoying	1
ringtones".	1
Since	1
the	1
device	1
does	1
not	1
allow	1
for	1
battery	1
changeouts,	1
it	1
does	1
limit	1
the	1
time	1
between	1
re-charging.	1
I	1
am	1
amazed	1
that	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
always	1
been	1
offered	1
cheap,	1
because	1
(in	1
my	1
opinion)	1
it	1
outweighs	1
many	1
other	1
phones	1
that	1
cost	1
hundreds	1
more.Exterior	1
Very	1
good	1
headset.	1
I	1
thought	1
this	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
be	1
great	1
and	1
I	1
can't	1
stand	1
it.	1
I	1
also	1
love	1
the	1
key	1
slot,	1
when	1
I	1
go	1
running	1
I	1
hate	1
carrying	1
my	1
keys.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
on/off	1
switch,	1
now	1
I	1
never	1
have	1
to	1
reach	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
at	1
all.	1
And	1
if	1
you	1
wanted	1
to	1
do	1
anything	1
while	1
wearing	1
this	1
you	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
careful!	1
The	1
outside	1
the	1
ear	1
design	1
works	1
great	1
for	1
me.	1
I	1
guess	1
I'll	1
just	1
have	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
land	1
line	1
or	1
move.	1
The	1
volume	1
and	1
power	1
keys	1
are	1
harder	1
to	1
operate	1
than	1
without	1
the	1
case,	1
though.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
nokia	1
that	1
has	1
these	1
compatiblities,	1
then	1
you	1
definitely	1
need	1
this	1
cord.	1
Then	1
oly	1
thing	1
worth	1
a	1
buck	1
was	1
the	1
car	1
charger.	1
Still	1
working	1
on	1
getting	1
the	1
voice	1
dial	1
to	1
work	1
without	1
disconnecting	1
the	1
call,	1
but	1
I	1
kept	1
the	1
short	1
information	1
sheet	1
provided	1
with	1
it.	1
Its	1
essentially	1
like	1
having	1
an	1
ipod	1
nano	1
(if	1
you	1
buy	1
the	1
extra	1
4gig	1
pro	1
duo	1
card).	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
garbage,	1
so	1
don't	1
even	1
consider	1
it.	1
In	1
spite	1
of	1
the	1
thinness	1
it's	1
solid	1
and	1
comfortable	1
to	1
talk	1
on.	1
I	1
charge	1
it	1
about	1
twice	1
a	1
week	1
with	1
EXTENSIVE	1
usage.-	1
sure	1
beats	1
having	1
wires	1
or	1
having	1
to	1
hold	1
the	1
phone.	1
Remember,	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
CELL	1
phone,	1
not	1
a	1
CAMERA	1
phone.	1
It	1
was	1
the	1
strangest	1
thing	1
I've	1
ever	1
seen.	1
Great	1
because	1
it	1
doesn't	1
add	1
bulk	1
to	1
my	1
already	1
sorta	1
large	1
smart	1
phone.Has	1
a	1
good	1
grip	1
that	1
helps	1
too	1
Especially	1
the	1
camera.	1
Great	1
case	1
for	1
the	1
Katana	1
DLX.	1
The	1
price	1
from	1
AT&T	1
is	1
$30	1
each.	1
Granted	1
some	1
of	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
result	1
of	1
the	1
Cingular	1
network,	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
very	1
dissatisfied	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
icon	1
for	1
doing	1
this	1
is	1
grayed	1
out.	1
Its	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
Belkin	1
Tune	1
Talk.	1
Forgot	1
how	1
good	1
this	1
battery	1
really	1
was.	1
I	1
don't	1
understand	1
it	1
and	1
I	1
honestly	1
wish	1
Motorola	1
would	1
recall	1
these	1
because	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
fluke.	1
I	1
also	1
like	1
that	1
it's	1
compact	1
without	1
being	1
overly	1
fragile.	1
my	1
friends	1
would	1
be	1
so	1
so	1
so	1
so	1
so	1
so	1
so	1
jealous	1
I	1
haven't	1
found	1
a	1
con	1
yet.	1
we	1
lost	1
the	1
charge	1
of	1
an	1
old	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
bought	1
this	1
one	1
from	1
Amazon.	1
They	1
don't	1
sell	1
replacement	1
pieces,	1
but	1
did	1
offer	1
to	1
exchange	1
it.	1
But	1
I'm	1
giving	1
this	1
one	1
5	1
stars	1
because	1
as	1
of	1
June	1
2006	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
reliable	1
and	1
is	1
undoubtably	1
the	1
loudest	1
headset	1
out	1
there.	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
both	1
my	1
iPhone	1
and	1
my	1
computer	1
for	1
VoIP.	1
An	1
adhesive	1
pad	1
allows	1
you	1
to	1
place	1
the	1
speakerin	1
a	1
convenient	1
area	1
on	1
the	1
car.	1
Instead,	1
they	1
list	1
"*Restrictions	1
Apply"	1
at	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
a	1
paragraph.	1
Great	1
Case.	1
These	1
little	1
ear	1
gels	1
transformed	1
my	1
Jawbone	1
Icon	1
from	1
something	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
return,	1
into	1
a	1
brilliant	1
little	1
bluetooth.	1
The	1
case	1
is	1
very	1
nice	1
looking,	1
well	1
constructed,	1
and	1
serves	1
my	1
purpose	1
well.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
sony	1
ericsson	1
before	1
which	1
had	1
a	1
nice	1
feature	1
of	1
7	1
days	1
calendar.	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money!!!!	1
Magnets	1
on	1
the	1
case	1
are	1
a	1
little	1
weak	1
and	1
so	1
is	1
the	1
belt	1
clip.	1
Does	1
a	1
fair	1
job.	1
The	1
car	1
charger	1
fell	1
apart	1
after	1
2	1
days.	1
It	1
also	1
saves	1
you	1
from	1
hunting	1
for	1
a	1
wall	1
outlet	1
if	1
you're	1
tapped	1
out.	1
This	1
item	1
works	1
great	1
when	1
your	1
at	1
work	1
and	1
dont	1
have	1
a	1
house	1
plug	1
close	1
by	1
because	1
you	1
are	1
able	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
USB	1
off	1
the	1
computer.	1
All	1
said	1
sound	1
quality	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
decent	1
and	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
3.5mm	1
adapter	1
to	1
plug	1
into	1
a	1
laptop	1
or	1
ipod.	1
Being	1
a	1
writer	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
wonderful	1
help	1
fromthem.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
buying	1
an	1
adaptor	1
and	1
using	1
the	1
old	1
phone's	1
charger.	1
I	1
switched	1
to	1
Cingular	1
from	1
Sprint	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
increased	1
national	1
coverage.	1
Great	1
case.	1
My	1
wife	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
the	1
BlueAnt	1
Interphone	1
as	1
a	1
rider/passenger	1
intercom	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
now.	1
That's	1
not	1
the	1
problem,	1
but	1
I	1
realized	1
that	1
Nokia	1
is	1
second	1
to	1
Motorola	1
when	1
it	1
comes	1
to	1
quality.	1
Ecellent	1
service	1
and	1
very	1
fast	1
and	1
expedient.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
numerous	1
headsets	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
they	1
match	1
a	1
wired	1
one	1
in	1
sound	1
quality,	1
including	1
numerous	1
Motorola	1
and	1
previous	1
Plantronics	1
sets.	1
When	1
it	1
worked,	1
I	1
enjoyed	1
using	1
it.	1
The	1
headset	1
is	1
light	1
weight,	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
reception	1
is	1
clear	1
&	1
the	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
don't	1
complain	1
about	1
clairity.	1
Be	1
careful	1
you	1
don't	1
damage	1
your	1
headset	1
jack.	1
Unless	1
the	1
person	1
is	1
speaking	1
very	1
loud	1
or	1
has	1
a	1
deep	1
voice	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
difficult	1
to	1
hear	1
them,	1
even	1
with	1
the	1
volume	1
turned	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
up.	1
Can't	1
control	1
the	1
brightness.	1
The	1
install	1
was	1
horrible.	1
Will	1
keep	1
you	1
posted,	1
but	1
not	1
impressed	1
so	1
far.	1
Paying	1
$24.99	1
for	1
a	1
200	1
dollar	1
phone	1
was	1
the	1
best	1
deal	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
this	1
year.	1
Then	1
the	1
same	1
problem	1
started	1
happening	1
again.	1
The	1
second	1
(Jawbone)	1
couldn't	1
be	1
carried	1
easily	1
when	1
not	1
in	1
use,	1
and	1
got	1
repeatedly	1
crunched	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
until	1
it	1
wasn't	1
functional.	1
As	1
Amazon	1
was	1
offering	1
a	1
great	1
deal	1
on	1
it,	1
I	1
and	1
2	1
of	1
my	1
friends	1
bought	1
it	1
together.First	1
friend's	1
experience:He	1
is	1
happy	1
with	1
phone.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
suggest	1
buying	1
it.	1
Does'nt	1
work	1
well,	1
i	1
had	1
the	1
early	1
version	1
of	1
this	1
product[mobile	1
phone	1
tools]	1
thah	1
worked	1
very	1
well.	1
Always	1
be	1
prepared.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
--	1
so	1
much	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
then	1
with	1
my	1
IP	1
phone	1
once	1
I	1
get	1
in	1
the	1
office.	1
But,	1
the	1
worst	1
part	1
is	1
they	1
games	1
are	1
only	1
demos.	1
I	1
had	1
read	1
about	1
how	1
AMAZING	1
they	1
were	1
-	1
and	1
thought	1
they	1
would	1
make	1
great	1
gifts	1
for	1
my	1
techie	1
brother	1
and	1
my	1
audiophile	1
dad.	1
(the	1
black	1
one	1
that	1
is,	1
not	1
the	1
silver)	1
Indeed,	1
the	1
noise	1
cancellation	1
feature	1
works	1
very	1
well.	1
I	1
prefer	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
and	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
its	1
so	1
thin	1
and	1
light.	1
For	1
the	1
product,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
it	1
does	1
what	1
is	1
does	1
well.	1
product	1
as	1
advertised.	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
Sturdy	1
leather	1
and	1
snaps	1
with	1
a	1
firm	1
click	1
clip.	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
best	1
loved	1
buy	1
from	1
Amazon.Com.	1
Great	1
Buy!.	1
The	1
time	1
has	1
come.	1
If	1
it's	1
set	1
to	1
vibrate	1
and	1
you	1
have	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
pants	1
pocket,	1
you	1
may	1
not	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
feel	1
it.-	1
Address	1
book	1
sorts	1
via	1
first	1
name,	1
not	1
last.	1
I	1
beleve	1
that	1
both	1
devices	1
serve	1
their	1
puposes	1
very	1
well.	1
I	1
just	1
wanted	1
a	1
sturdy	1
phone	1
with	1
good	1
quality	1
sound	1
and	1
good	1
reception.This	1
phone	1
is	1
it!	1
It	1
fits	1
comfortable	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
pinch	1
or	1
bind.	1
Not	1
bad	1
for	1
a	1
free	1
phone.	1
Had	1
to	1
charge	1
these	1
independantly.	1
Often	1
this	1
involves,	1
powering	1
down	1
the	1
device	1
and	1
removing	1
the	1
battery	1
briefly,	1
then	1
powering	1
back	1
up.-	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
woes.	1
the	1
real	1
thing	1
at	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
However	1
not	1
all	1
the	1
holes	1
line	1
up	1
perfectly	1
making	1
charging	1
to	1
be	1
somewhat	1
difficult.	1
However,	1
shortly	1
after	1
I	1
purchased	1
it,	1
it	1
became	1
very	1
hot,	1
and	1
started	1
to	1
burn	1
my	1
face	1
when	1
I	1
used	1
it.	1
Most	1
importantly,	1
the	1
cable	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
Nokia	1
phones,	1
the	1
company	1
claims	1
it	1
does,	1
but	1
Nokia's	1
drivers	1
can't	1
read	1
it.	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
replacement	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
It	1
sounded	1
awful!	1
My	1
previous	1
phone	1
was	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6600.	1
That	1
was	1
a	1
week	1
ago,	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
heard	1
anything	1
back.	1
When	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
and	1
opened	1
it,	1
it	1
looked	1
and	1
felt	1
kind	1
of	1
cheap.	1
(THis	1
is	1
with	1
the	1
light	1
settings,	1
alert	1
settings,	1
volume	1
settings,	1
etc.	1
The	1
price	1
is	1
too	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true.	1
i	1
have	1
been	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
purchase.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
from	1
a	1
company	1
called	1
Globalizer.	1
Come	1
on	1
guys!!!!!!	1
Works	1
but	1
useless	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Sadly,	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these.	1
I	1
haven't	1
tried	1
the	1
hard	1
restart	1
since	1
it	1
would	1
wipe	1
out	1
my	1
entire	1
Contacts	1
list.	1
great	1
item.	1
The	1
beach	1
bike	1
path	1
almost	1
always	1
has	1
a	1
sea	1
breeze,	1
and	1
on	1
many	1
days	1
it	1
gets	1
pretty	1
strong.	1
With	1
people	1
I	1
know,	1
in	1
the	1
past	1
couple	1
months	1
I've	1
heard	1
of	1
three	1
iPhone	1
screens	1
shattering.	1
BR50	1
Motorola	1
&#34;NEW&#34;	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Battery.	1
Good	1
one..	1
grab	1
it.	1
I'd	1
rather	1
buy	1
a	1
writeshield	1
and	1
cut	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
desired	1
size	1
rather	1
than	1
get	1
this	1
horrible	1
product	1
that	1
cost	1
just	1
about	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
the	1
writeshield.	1
Subsequent	1
events	1
give	1
an	1
audio	1
alarm	1
but	1
never	1
show	1
up	1
again	1
on	1
the	1
calendar.	1
Then	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
microphone	1
(which	1
can	1
be	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
sun	1
visor	1
or	1
yourself)	1
and	1
a	1
connector	1
to	1
your	1
phone.	1
Motorrola	1
Wall	1
Charger.	1
I	1
know	1
I	1
won't	1
have	1
clarity	1
that	1
of	1
Sprint	1
PCS.	1
Not	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
phone.	1
ESTE	1
STYLUS	1
NO	1
ES	1
PARA	1
HTC	1
9100.	1
Works	1
great.	1
It's	1
got	1
volume	1
controls	1
on	1
the	1
back,	1
a	1
mute	1
button	1
and	1
an	1
adjustable	1
folding	1
mic.	1
After	1
being	1
plugged	1
in	1
for	1
one	1
overnight	1
cycle	1
it	1
was	1
ready	1
to	1
go.	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset,	1
no	1
complaints.	1
Cheap	1
and	1
flimsy.	1
Once	1
opened,	1
the	1
battery	1
was	1
simply	1
unplugged	1
and	1
the	1
new	1
one	1
installed.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
apps	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
showed	1
this	1
sort	1
of	1
behavior.	1
My	1
previous	1
phone	1
that	1
was	1
2	1
years	1
old	1
was	1
lighter,	1
but	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
consistenly	1
pull	1
out	1
the	1
owner's	1
manual	1
for	1
info.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
isn't	1
good	1
either	1
-	1
just	1
about	1
2	1
hours.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
Battery	1
fairly	1
quickly.	1
I	1
chose	1
this	1
headset	1
after	1
reading	1
all	1
the	1
reviews.	1
Either	1
way,	1
the	1
headphones	1
should	1
maintain	1
the	1
same	1
volume	1
as	1
the	1
music.Overall,	1
I'm	1
satisfied	1
and	1
I	1
wear	1
these	1
headphones	1
at	1
work.	1
If	1
not	1
charged	1
at	1
night,	1
will	1
die	1
the	1
next	1
morning.3.	1
I	1
switched	1
back	1
to	1
nextel	1
from	1
cingular	1
wireless	1
last	1
week,	1
and	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
my	1
new	1
contract.	1
I	1
received	1
a	1
real	1
Sanyo	1
battery,	1
just	1
like	1
the	1
original.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
but	1
never	1
used	1
it.	1
Everything	1
else	1
was	1
good...	1
The	1
product	1
arrived	1
undamaged	1
and	1
the	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
slipped	1
my	1
810i	1
in	1
(very	1
tight	1
fit)	1
the	1
seam	1
split	1
up	1
the	1
side.	1
)I've	1
used	1
a	1
Stowaway	1
keyboard	1
for	1
my	1
Palm	1
for	1
years.	1
Just	1
like	1
in	1
some	1
other	1
guy's	1
review.	1
I	1
priced	1
these	1
on	1
other	1
websites	1
and	1
chose	1
this	1
for	1
the	1
great	1
price	1
so	1
I	1
came	1
out	1
a	1
winner	1
all	1
around.	1
How	1
the	1
phone	1
turns	1
out.	1
To	1
begin	1
with,	1
Boxwave	1
didn't	1
ship	1
for	1
several	1
days	1
after	1
my	1
order.	1
Actually,	1
I	1
work	1
in	1
an	1
office	1
and	1
wear	1
a	1
suit	1
all	1
day	1
so	1
there	1
really	1
is	1
no	1
physical	1
labor	1
or	1
stress	1
on	1
this	1
holster.	1
Motorola	1
T305	1
-.	1
The	1
only	1
other	1
way	1
to	1
do	1
it	1
is	1
online	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
VERY	1
expensive	1
to	1
get	1
all	1
the	1
pics	1
off	1
the	1
phone.	1
Shipping	1
was	1
very	1
fast.	1
The	1
hook	1
up	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
was	1
easy.	1
Nokia	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
me	1
a	1
charger	1
to	1
fit	1
my	1
Tracfone	1
nor	1
tell	1
me	1
model	1
number	1
needed.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
is	1
the	1
exterior	1
light	1
blinks	1
every	1
so	1
often	1
and	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
using	1
at	1
night	1
(in	1
the	1
car),	1
you	1
can	1
kind	1
of	1
see	1
the	1
light	1
blink.	1
THE	1
BEST	1
PHONE	1
EVER!!!!!!!!!.	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
solution!	1
The	1
next	1
month	1
was	1
over	1
$350	1
and	1
the	1
next	1
is	1
back	1
to	1
$240.	1
Don't	1
be	1
hard	1
of	1
hearing.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
car	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
to	1
keep	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
just	1
in	1
case	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
runs	1
low	1
on	1
batteries	1
when	1
I	1
need	1
it	1
while	1
out	1
and	1
about.	1
Better	1
than	1
most	1
cases	1
for	1
me	1
.	1
The	1
phone	1
looks	1
good	1
with	1
this	1
case	1
on	1
it.	1
I	1
owned	1
a	1
Nokia	1
before	1
and	1
I	1
regret	1
that	1
I	1
"betrayed"	1
it.	1
When	1
I	1
ordered	1
these	1
replacement	1
batteries	1
I	1
was	1
somewhat	1
apprehensive.	1
The	1
ear	1
hook	1
bends	1
in	1
any	1
direction	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
a	1
custom	1
fit.	1
I	1
was	1
disappointed	1
when	1
this	1
arrived.	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
headset.	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
for	1
consideration	1
I	1
have	1
only	1
owned	1
this	1
a	1
few	1
months.	1
Almost	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
try	1
to	1
pair	1
them	1
up	1
the	1
headphones	1
cut	1
off.	1
NOTHING	1
is	1
cheap	1
or	1
easy.	1
If	1
you	1
believe	1
these	1
make	1
your	1
phone	1
work	1
better	1
then	1
you	1
probably	1
find	1
the	1
stripes	1
down	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
cars	1
make	1
them	1
go	1
faster	1
too.	1
For	1
anyone	1
who	1
uses	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
capable	1
phone	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
headset.	1
DNL	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
nice	1
company	1
though,	1
as	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
issue	1
what-so-ever	1
with	1
my	1
refund.	1
Not	1
really	1
satisfied.	1
What	1
to	1
say,	1
this	1
battery	1
is	1
shipped	1
'Bulk'	1
-	1
i.e.	1
Lithium	1
Ion	1
Battery	1
for	1
Audiovox	1
CDM9900.	1
The	1
first	1
battery	1
was	1
losing	1
power	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
This	1
Case	1
is	1
Money.	1
My	1
wife's	1
phone	1
will	1
no	1
longer	1
sync	1
with	1
PocketMac,	1
RIM's	1
supported	1
sync	1
application	1
for	1
Mac.I	1
had	1
very	1
high	1
hopes	1
for	1
this	1
phone,	1
and	1
for	1
T-Mobile.	1
Now	1
told	1
problem	1
is	1
widespread	1
and	1
will	1
not	1
send	1
another	1
item.	1
I'm	1
currently	1
using	1
this	1
with	1
a	1
Cisco	1
7962	1
business	1
telephone	1
and	1
a	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
650	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
after	1
researching	1
numerous	1
options.	1
Use	1
it	1
for	1
V3	1
only.	1
External	1
caller	1
ID	1
and	1
time	1
display,	1
check.I	1
think	1
the	1
reception	1
might	1
be	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
K9.	1
The	1
Phone	1
Dies	1
About	1
Once	1
a	1
Week.	1
very	1
frustrating	1
that	1
it	1
didnt'	1
work	1
-	1
twice,	1
but	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
hand	1
the	1
company	1
was	1
very	1
responsive	1
and	1
good	1
about	1
getting	1
me	1
an	1
exchange	1
/	1
refund.	1
Love	1
this	1
thing!.	1
Lets	1
you	1
close	1
the	1
phone	1
while	1
using	1
the	1
camera.2.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
how	1
someone	1
can	1
sell	1
the	1
cases	1
for	1
a	1
penny	1
each,	1
but	1
for	1
two	1
of	1
them	1
the	1
$8.00	1
shipping	1
wasn't	1
bad.	1
),	1
and	1
free	1
shipping,	1
so	1
I	1
gave	1
them	1
a	1
try.	1
Very	1
nice	1
product.	1
Jawbone	1
wireless	1
headset.	1
Now	1
whenever	1
I	1
try	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
if	1
the	1
move	1
the	1
cable	1
even	1
the	1
slightest	1
bit	1
the	1
left	1
speaker	1
cuts	1
out,	1
very	1
frustrating.	1
More	1
instruction.	1
After	1
about	1
10	1
minutes	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
in	1
a	1
different	1
tape	1
player.	1
But	1
the	1
Travel	1
Mouse	1
didn't	1
come	1
with	1
the	1
keyboard.	1
Receiving	1
parties	1
say	1
clearer	1
than	1
the	1
Motorola	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
(thanks	1
to	1
built	1
in	1
noise	1
cancelling).	1
Very	1
light,	1
recharges	1
very	1
fast.The	1
bad:1.Have	1
to	1
recharge	1
it	1
still!!	1
Because	1
soon	1
after	1
this	1
happens,	1
the	1
phone	1
completely	1
gives	1
out	1
(in	1
majority	1
of	1
the	1
cases).	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
newer	1
model	1
available	1
but	1
from	1
what	1
I	1
read	1
it's	1
not	1
quite	1
as	1
comfortable	1
or	1
easy	1
to	1
wear.	1
My	1
boyfriend	1
now	1
has	1
the	1
service	1
and	1
he	1
loves	1
it	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
maybe	1
they	1
fixed	1
that	1
problem..I	1
ordered	1
two	1
and	1
for	1
2	1
cents,	1
you	1
can't	1
beat	1
that!	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
time	1
or	1
money.	1
UNFORTUNATELY...Their	1
reception	1
is	1
very	1
bad.	1
Didn't	1
work..	1
The	1
bluetooth	1
didn't	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
pain	1
to	1
return.	1
It	1
works,	1
or	1
worked.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
one.	1
So	1
buy	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
only.	1
I	1
was	1
thrilled	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
received	1
this	1
Bluetooth	1
Speakerphone.	1
no	1
for	1
the	1
sexy	1
people!	1
Best	1
case	1
option	1
for	1
the	1
Treo	1
650.	1
I	1
can	1
easily	1
type	1
faster	1
on	1
this	1
than	1
the	1
tiny	1
weenie	1
phone	1
keyboard	1
like	1
the	1
TREO	1
and	1
others	1
like	1
it.	1
It's	1
comfortable,	1
and	1
I	1
wear	1
it	1
for	1
hours	1
at	1
a	1
time.	1
they	1
are	1
even	1
grainier	1
than	1
the	1
photos	1
I	1
took	1
on	1
my	1
Sonyericsson	1
T300!	1
Phone	1
from	1
Hassel	1
Free.	1
Buyer	1
Beware.	1
A	1
bit	1
disappointing.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
set	1
specifically	1
for	1
my	1
PS3	1
and	1
online	1
gaming/chatting,	1
and	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
they	1
work	1
great.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
item	1
along	1
with	1
Razor	1
phone.	1
I	1
hope	1
to	1
find	1
one	1
that	1
can	1
last	1
a	1
bit	1
longer.	1
A	1
very	1
nice	1
product.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
phone.	1
Samsung	1
has	1
much	1
better	1
camera	1
features	1
on	1
some	1
of	1
its	1
other	1
models.The	1
phone	1
does	1
look	1
nice	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
pretty	1
durable	1
and	1
well-built.Bottom	1
line	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product	1
and	1
i	1
love	1
case	1
and	1
with	1
a	1
sceen	1
saver	1
you	1
are	1
good	1
to	1
go.	1
The	1
phone	1
book	1
A	1
great	1
phone	1
but	1
too	1
pricey.	1
surprisingy,	1
it	1
worked.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
contact	1
tech	1
support,	1
but	1
received	1
no	1
answer.	1
Great	1
sound,	1
but	1
won't	1
stay	1
in	1
your	1
ear..	1
What	1
good	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
clear	1
sound	1
when	1
the	1
headset	1
won't	1
stay	1
in	1
your	1
ear?	1
I	1
recently	1
purchased	1
the	1
BT320s.	1
if	1
dirt	1
or	1
grime	1
get	1
in	1
there	1
it	1
stops	1
working.	1
You	1
can	1
not	1
take	1
out	1
the	1
battery	1
or	1
SIM	1
card	1
once	1
you	1
installed	1
it.	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
new	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
older	1
Nokia	1
phone	1
and	1
found	1
it	1
at	1
a	1
great	1
price	1
thru	1
Amazon.	1
This	1
is	1
orginal	1
equipment	1
and	1
work	1
fine	1
like	1
the	1
charger	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
it	1
that	1
I	1
LOST	1
SOME	1
WHERE.	1
Except	1
after	1
I	1
recieved	1
the	1
reconditioned	1
phone,	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
same	1
messages	1
as	1
my	1
sister	1
would	1
on	1
the	1
SCP	1
200.	1
Spend	1
an	1
extra	1
few	1
dollars	1
and	1
buy	1
something	1
better.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
many	1
phones	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
ever.	1
Cannot	1
Sync	1
&	1
Not	1
easy	1
to	1
remove	1
it!.	1
2	1
Separate	1
ones	1
won't	1
Charge-DEFECTIVE.	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
it	1
fits	1
really	1
well,	1
also	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
better	1
hand	1
feel	1
with	1
it	1
on	1
for	1
this	1
some	1
what	1
balky	1
phone.	1
For	1
me,	1
after	1
extended	1
wear	1
it	1
becomes	1
uncomfortable.	1
In	1
fact,	1
before	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
this	1
morning	1
I	1
set	1
up	1
a	1
few	1
numbers	1
for	1
distinctive	1
rings	1
and	1
speed	1
dial.	1
Cheap	1
and	1
too	1
small	1
for	1
my	1
Motorola	1
V557/plastic.	1
They	1
are	1
pretty	1
light	1
and	1
fit	1
comfortably	1
around	1
my	1
head.	1
The	1
people	1
that	1
I	1
am	1
talking	1
to	1
can't	1
hear	1
me	1
well	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
hear	1
them	1
well.	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
pair	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
celphone.	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
check	1
my	1
mail	1
box	1
which	1
was	1
about	1
50	1
yards	1
away	1
from	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
around	1
the	1
30	1
yard	1
point	1
the	1
conversation	1
was	1
broken	1
a	1
bit.	1
Palm	1
has	1
lost	1
its	1
way.	1
The	1
"browser"	1
is	1
based	1
on	1
an	1
old	1
version	1
of	1
IE.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
on	1
Amazon	1
to	1
upgrade	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Bluetooth,	1
but	1
am	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
works	1
great	1
looks	1
cool.	1
Then	1
it	1
finally	1
charged.	1
Excellent	1
-	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
LG	1
VX8300.	1
Not	1
noise	1
cancellation,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
okay.	1
I	1
put	1
this	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
away	1
and	1
will	1
buy	1
a	1
better,	1
more	1
reliable	1
piece.	1
People	1
can	1
not	1
hear	1
me	1
when	1
using	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
multiple	1
line,	1
which	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
try	1
yet.	1
Replacement	1
for	1
an	1
original	1
years	1
old	1
Treo	1
650	1
battery.	1
Second,	1
Bluetooth	1
is	1
horrible	1
technology.	1
Do	1
not	1
believe	1
the	1
negative	1
hype	1
but	1
do	1
not	1
expect	1
full	1
bars	1
in	1
places	1
you	1
had	1
no	1
bars	1
you	1
will	1
get	1
most	1
likely	1
one	1
bar.	1
The	1
built	1
quality	1
felt	1
really	1
cheap	1
to	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
believe	1
there	1
are	1
only	1
6	1
preset	1
frequency	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
use.	1
Charges	1
just	1
fine	1
but	1
pc	1
won't	1
read	1
player	1
therefore	1
I	1
am	1
unable	1
to	1
transfer	1
songs	1
onto	1
the	1
player.	1
It	1
is	1
holding	1
up	1
well	1
so	1
far	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
Works	1
with	1
lenovo	1
Penabled	1
X201	1
Tablet.	1
It's	1
a	1
sticker.	1
It	1
came	1
fast	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
just	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
old	1
one!	1
i	1
want	1
that.	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
headset	1
loose	1
in	1
a	1
plastic	1
bag,	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
instructions	1
and	1
the	1
charger.	1
It's	1
also	1
cute	1
and	1
small.	1
The	1
volume	1
can	1
be	1
turned	1
on	1
VERY	1
loud.	1
The	1
USB	1
Data	1
Cable	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
LG	1
8700.	1
Will	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
the	1
supplier	1
again	1
in	1
the	1
future.	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
trouble	1
sometimes	1
with	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
not	1
charging	1
when	1
I	1
plug	1
it	1
in.	1
They	1
did	1
(kudos	1
to	1
Best	1
Buy	1
for	1
replacing	1
the	1
product,	1
even	1
if	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
for	1
free),	1
and	1
the	1
next	1
one	1
didn't	1
even	1
work.	1
Worse	1
than	1
a	1
watching	1
Ishtar!.	1
the	1
case	1
protected	1
the	1
phone,	1
since	1
the	1
phone	1
did	1
not	1
get	1
damaged	1
or	1
scratched,	1
but	1
the	1
case	1
itself	1
needs	1
a	1
protector	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
intact.	1
I	1
cannot	1
complain	1
about	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Explorer	1
330.	1
Cellphone...	1
Meet	1
Mr.	1
It	1
came	1
in	1
the	1
Nokia	1
packaging	1
and	1
in	1
perfect	1
condition.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
poor	1
Sprint	1
phone,	1
full	1
of	1
crackle	1
and	1
echo.	1
There's	1
no	1
lock	1
for	1
the	1
camera	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
had	1
received	1
one	1
as	1
a	1
gift,	1
and	1
thought	1
so	1
highly	1
of	1
it,	1
I	1
immediately	1
bought	1
a	1
second	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
wife.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
if	1
your	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
jsut	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
phone,	1
I	1
would	1
definatly	1
recomend	1
this	1
one.	1
Came	1
quickly,	1
great	1
product,	1
and	1
they	1
fit	1
perfectly	1
over	1
my	1
phone!	1
It	1
is	1
ridiculous	1
that	1
I	1
pay	1
the	1
shipping	1
and	1
send	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
they	1
return	1
it	1
doing	1
nothing	1
and	1
say	1
nothing	1
wrong	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
land	1
mines?	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
light,	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up.	1
I	1
asked	1
him	1
if	1
I	1
was	1
doing	1
anything	1
wrong	1
and	1
he	1
said	1
that	1
I	1
wasn't	1
and	1
that	1
they	1
had	1
seen	1
this	1
problem	1
from	1
other	1
users.	1
Great,	1
fun	1
phone,	1
but	1
North	1
America	1
use	1
only.	1
This	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
me,	1
because	1
I	1
work	1
and	1
go	1
to	1
school	1
and	1
am	1
constantly	1
shuffling	1
files	1
back	1
and	1
forth	1
between	1
the	1
two	1
and	1
home.	1
I	1
forgot	1
just	1
how	1
long	1
my	1
phone	1
could	1
go	1
between	1
charges	1
until	1
I	1
installed	1
this	1
battery.	1
Leave	1
it	1
like	1
that	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
to	1
drain	1
the	1
batteries.	1
Limited	1
to	1
8	1
phones	1
-	1
free	1
software	1
updates	1
for	1
only	1
6	1
months.	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
this	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
won't	1
charge	1
or	1
turn	1
on.	1
The	1
best	1
PDA	1
-	1
Phone	1
combo	1
yet.	1
It	1
was	1
shipped	1
quickly,	1
and	1
fully	1
charged.	1
Great	1
little	1
Razr	1
case	1
for	1
exceptional	1
price.	1
After	1
wearing	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
10	1
mins	1
or	1
so	1
my	1
ear	1
would	1
hurt	1
so	1
bad	1
I	1
just	1
could	1
not	1
keep	1
it	1
on.	1
Pretty	1
bad	1
for	1
such	1
an	1
expensive	1
item.	1
I	1
just	1
wish	1
it	1
had	1
a	1
sync	1
button	1
like	1
my	1
Palm	1
T5	1
had.D	1
I	1
thought	1
this	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
case	1
and	1
keep	1
me	1
from	1
placing	1
the	1
H700	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
again.When	1
the	1
case	1
came	1
in	1
I	1
placed	1
the	1
H700	1
in	1
it.	1
Contacting	1
customer	1
services	1
wasn't	1
helpful	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
finally	1
turned	1
it	1
off.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
that	1
will	1
execute	1
the	1
dial	1
function	1
automatically	1
when	1
you	1
get	1
through	1
entering	1
the	1
phone	1
number.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
over	1
3	1
months	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
Works	1
fine	1
with	1
my	1
KRZR	1
and	1
RAZR.	1
first	1
off	1
they	1
ship	1
like	1
snails	1
and	1
the	1
company	1
was	1
located	1
only	1
and	1
hour	1
away.	1
My	1
replacement	1
V300	1
is	1
only	1
6	1
months	1
old	1
and	1
the	1
hinge	1
inside	1
the	1
front	1
flap	1
broke.	1
You	1
start	1
loosing	1
your	1
signal	1
at	1
about	1
twenty	1
feet	1
in	1
clear	1
line	1
of	1
sight.Cons	1
-1)	1
Size	1
-	1
Unit	1
is	1
super	1
tiny!	1
BATTERY	1
BAD.	1
This	1
headset	1
will	1
not	1
permit	1
anything	1
to	1
contact	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
your	1
head.	1
I	1
am	1
sooooo	1
impressed...	1
and	1
happy	1
of	1
course.Based	1
on	1
my	1
experience	1
I	1
do	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
For	1
$10	1
dollars	1
what	1
do	1
you	1
expect.	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
reasonably	1
comfortable,	1
dispite	1
the	1
size,	1
but	1
I	1
only	1
where	1
it	1
for	1
1/2	1
hour	1
max.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
picky	1
about	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
and	1
have	1
tried	1
around	1
15	1
of	1
them.	1
A	1
must-have	1
accessory	1
for	1
mobile	1
Internet	1
users,	1
or	1
for	1
those	1
who	1
can't	1
get	1
good	1
cellphone	1
reception	1
where	1
they	1
travel.	1
I	1
never	1
had	1
that	1
many	1
in	1
the	1
two	1
years	1
I	1
had	1
my	1
old	1
Samsung!	1
Logitech	1
Wireless	1
Headphones	1
for	1
MP3	1
-	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
UNDER	1
ANY	1
CIRCUMSTANCE!!.	1
Who	1
knows	1
-	1
but	1
I	1
need	1
a	1
new	1
travel	1
phone...	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
put	1
the	1
phone	1
holder	1
together.	1
i	1
plugged	1
it	1
into	1
the	1
charger	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
the	1
little	1
light	1
on	1
the	1
outside	1
would	1
turn	1
on,	1
and	1
it	1
did,	1
starting	1
to	1
charge.	1
If	1
size	1
matters,	1
then	1
treat	1
my	1
rating	1
as	1
a	1
2	1
star.	1
THe	1
neatest	1
thing	1
is	1
the	1
color.	1
The	1
first	1
two	1
were	1
maddening	1
Its	1
signal	1
reception	1
is	1
mediocre	1
and	1
it	1
suffers	1
from	1
a	1
weird	1
combination	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
do	1
my	1
best	1
to	1
fix	1
it	1
cause	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
the	1
way	1
it	1
works.	1
Again,	1
not	1
the	1
reason	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
feature.	1
First	1
off,	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
network.	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
turn	1
it	1
on,	1
you	1
can't	1
turn	1
it	1
on	1
after	1
the	1
phone	1
rings.	1
That	1
being	1
the	1
case	1
I	1
went	1
and	1
purchased	1
a	1
different	1
brand	1
from	1
a	1
local	1
store	1
and	1
its	1
been	1
functioning	1
very	1
well	1
with	1
no	1
issues.	1
For	1
other	1
users	1
i	1
don't	1
see	1
how	1
you	1
like	1
it	1
anymore	1
it	1
is	1
just	1
to	1
much	1
a	1
waste	1
now.	1
Most	1
people	1
call	1
their	1
top	1
5	1
people	1
for	1
80%-90%	1
of	1
your	1
minutes	1
(prove	1
it	1
to	1
yourself	1
and	1
check	1
your	1
bill).	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
case.	1
A	1
high	1
quality	1
Motorola	1
OEM	1
part.	1
Not	1
the	1
same	1
charger.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
read	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
reviews	1
on	1
here	1
before	1
I	1
did	1
so.Yes,	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
music	1
capabilities,	1
to	1
an	1
extent.	1
A	1
great	1
way	1
to	1
DESTROY	1
your	1
Sidekick.	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
awesome	1
deal	1
for	1
the	1
money!	1
Great	1
phone,	1
great	1
price.	1
the	1
bulk	1
part	1
feels	1
like	1
it's	1
easy	1
to	1
crush	1
or	1
pull	1
the	1
wires	1
out	1
by	1
mistake.	1
I	1
guess	1
these	1
are	1
throw-awaysOn	1
removing	1
the	1
earbud	1
covering	1
I	1
note	1
that	1
my	1
good	1
1301's	1
have	1
three	1
holes	1
per	1
bud	1
while	1
these	1
have	1
six?	1
Tried	1
to	1
contact	1
seller	1
prior	1
to	1
purchase	1
to	1
ensure	1
I	1
was	1
purchasing	1
the	1
correct	1
battery	1
but	1
did	1
not	1
receive	1
a	1
response.	1
We	1
bought	1
him	1
one	1
too.	1
Lost	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
somewhere--maybe	1
under	1
the	1
seat	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
The	1
wallpapers	1
are	1
okay.	1
bad	1
quality.	1
The	1
bundled	1
earphones	1
are	1
sublime.	1
LG	1
CU500	1
Extended	1
Life	1
Battery.	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
decent	1
phone	1
that	1
could	1
also	1
grab	1
my	1
emails	1
off	1
of	1
my	1
server	1
at	1
work,	1
keep	1
my	1
calendar,	1
and	1
allow	1
me	1
to	1
occasionally	1
surf	1
the	1
web.	1
garbag	1
phone.	1
The	1
battery	1
worked	1
correct,	1
but	1
still	1
noticed	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
'low	1
battery'	1
alert	1
went	1
off	1
almost	1
the	1
same	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
my	1
old	1
one	1
did.	1
i	1
was	1
order	1
ear	1
set	1
for	1
nextel	1
phonebut	1
i	1
was	1
get	1
regular	1
ear	1
set.	1
hate	1
the	1
results.	1
Once	1
I	1
did	1
the	1
initial	1
connection	1
with	1
the	1
PDA,	1
it	1
automatically	1
syncs	1
as	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
unfold	1
the	1
keyboard.	1
In	1
the	1
meantime,	1
I	1
am	1
looking	1
for	1
something	1
better.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
listed	1
as	1
being	1
a	1
NOKIA	1
BLD-3R	1
Extended	1
Lithium	1
Battery	1
For	1
Nokia	1
rated	1
at	1
3.7V,	1
720mAh.	1
The	1
audio	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
receiver	1
is	1
very	1
clear	1
and	1
plenty	1
loud	1
enough.	1
Highly	1
Recommend	1
-	1
Check	1
eBay	1
for	1
Better	1
Deals.	1
So	1
I	1
called	1
the	1
customer	1
care	1
center,	1
and	1
quickly	1
realized	1
that	1
their	1
people	1
cannot	1
understand	1
or	1
speak	1
English.	1
Motorola	1
MOTOROKR	1
S9	1
Bluetooth	1
Active	1
Headphone.	1
Of	1
course,	1
when	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
service,	1
you	1
don't	1
get	1
the	1
internet	1
access	1
either.	1
I	1
get	1
just	1
about	1
every	1
other	1
word	1
people	1
are	1
saying.	1
And	1
this	1
air/static	1
sound	1
can	1
be	1
heard	1
loudly	1
when	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
only	1
at	1
3	1
of	1
5.	1
Great	1
car	1
speaker!.	1
So	1
beware,	1
if	1
you	1
use	1
your	1
own	1
headset.	1
It	1
can	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
hard	1
to	1
hear	1
the	1
people	1
you're	1
talking	1
to	1
on	1
the	1
RAZR.	1
Thus,	1
the	1
iPhone	1
is	1
unable	1
to	1
determine	1
proper	1
lighting	1
conditions.	1
For	1
whatever	1
reason,	1
I	1
found	1
myself	1
pairing	1
and	1
re-pairing	1
the	1
unit	1
way	1
more	1
than	1
I	1
should've	1
been.	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommened.	1
When	1
I	1
whispered,	1
my	1
voice	1
was	1
not	1
even	1
recognizable,	1
unlike	1
in	1
the	1
ads.	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
buy	1
one	1
more	1
for	1
myself,but	1
the	1
price	1
went	1
up.Very	1
good	1
phone	1
at	1
the	1
price.	1
WELL	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
bought	1
on	1
Amazon	1
is	1
exactly	1
the	1
same.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
know	1
how	1
the	1
product	1
actually	1
performed	1
because	1
I	1
never	1
got	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
this	1
contributed	1
to	1
issue	1
number	1
1	1
but	1
also	1
made	1
it	1
difficult	1
to	1
hear	1
your	1
called	1
party.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
a	1
T-Mobile	1
customer	1
for	1
2.5	1
years	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
kept	1
my	1
original	1
Motorola	1
v60	1
that	1
entire	1
time.	1
cell	1
phone	1
charger	1
not	1
fit.	1
Case/Cover	1
for	1
Blackberry	1
8700.	1
I	1
strongly	1
reccomend	1
this	1
product.	1
Guess	1
what!	1
I	1
highly	1
recomend	1
it!	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
by	1
combining	1
both	1
to	1
make	1
1	1
adaquate	1
cell	1
phone	1
holder.	1
My	1
last	1
bluetooth	1
could	1
be	1
worn	1
all	1
day	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
forget	1
I	1
had	1
it	1
on.	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
faulty	1
charger	1
that	1
shorted	1
out	1
both	1
phone	1
batteries	1
and	1
also	1
fried	1
my	1
SIM	1
card.	1
I	1
don't	1
recommend	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
razr	1
V3m.	1
Even	1
nicer	1
would	1
be	1
an	1
upgrade	1
that	1
allows	1
full	1
audio	1
with	1
the	1
"VoiceCommand"	1
software	1
(this	1
is	1
documented	1
in	1
many	1
other	1
reviews).	1
We	1
called	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
and	1
they	1
said	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year.	1
Now,	1
I	1
own	1
this	1
device	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
good	1
product	1
to	1
feel	1
the	1
music.	1
!Do	1
not	1
get	1
a	1
RAZR.	1
poor	1
sound	1
quality.	1
There	1
are	1
more	1
intermittent	1
software	1
bugs	1
than	1
you	1
can	1
possibly	1
tolerate.	1
most	1
smartphones	1
have	1
16	1
to	1
64mb.	1
Terrible	1
quality	1
on	1
each	1
end	1
of	1
a	1
conversation.	1
The	1
Best	1
Motorola	1
phone	1
I've	1
owned.	1
And	1
when	1
the	1
volume	1
was	1
increased,	1
a	1
high-pitched	1
whine	1
resulted.	1
I	1
thought	1
my	1
headphones	1
were	1
broken,	1
but	1
Motorola	1
person	1
I	1
called	1
said	1
this	1
behavior	1
was	1
normal.	1
Good	1
Phone.	1
antronics	1
MX150	1
Flexible	1
Boom	1
Headset	1
with	1
2.5	1
mm	1
Plug.	1
(I	1
checked	1
the	1
volume!)	1
The	1
slightest	1
touch	1
will	1
make	1
it	1
come	1
out.	1
very	1
poor	1
volume	1
for	1
the	1
other	1
person.	1
No	1
doubt	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
"real"	1
one	1
you	1
can	1
afford	1
to	1
try	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
times!	1
Nothing	1
lie	1
the	1
picture	1
it's	1
ugly	1
in	1
person	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
and	1
bought	1
something	1
way	1
cuter	1
and	1
this	1
looks	1
like	1
its	1
hard	1
its	1
not	1
Lots	1
of	1
short-cut	1
keys.The	1
camera	1
takes	1
quite	1
good	1
pictures,	1
although	1
the	1
video	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
get	1
used	1
to.	1
Not	1
powerful.	1
My	1
Opinion.	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
start	1
by	1
saying	1
I	1
am	1
electronic	1
Technician	1
for	1
a	1
large	1
university	1
in	1
Indiana.	1
Call	1
quality	1
and	1
speakerphone	1
performance	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
good.	1
I	1
ordered	1
from	1
this	1
company	1
and	1
received	1
a	1
bad	1
earpiece.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
terrible	1
buy.	1
I	1
suspect	1
it	1
will	1
become	1
very	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
soon.	1
Inferior	1
&	1
Dangerous	1
to	1
your	1
$Pocket!!.	1
Amazon	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
expensive,	1
since	1
it	1
is	1
only	1
(...)	1
in	1
the	1
AT&T	1
store.	1
repeat	1
offender.	1
Ok,	1
I	1
know	1
I	1
said	1
that	1
the	1
Sony	1
Erricson	1
s710	1
was	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
EVER	1
had.	1
!Gonna	1
Get!.	1
It	1
was	1
always	1
a	1
task	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
around	1
my	1
ear	1
quickly,	1
and	1
even	1
then	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
feel	1
secure,	1
although	1
it	1
never	1
did	1
fall	1
off.	1
Tom	1
/	1
Chicago	1
Suburbs.	1
I	1
can	1
still	1
use	1
it	1
to	1
hot	1
sync	1
my	1
data,	1
but	1
the	1
wires	1
simply	1
wouldn't	1
stand	1
up	1
to	1
use	1
and,	1
as	1
to	1
the	1
charging	1
device,	1
won't	1
make	1
the	1
connection.	1
I	1
wish	1
you	1
could	1
choose	1
0	1
(Zero)	1
Stars.	1
Won't	1
hold	1
up	1
with	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
use!.	1
BUT	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
more	1
appeal	1
than	1
800i	1
and	1
has	1
better	1
more	1
smooth	1
graphics.	1
First,	1
everything	1
runs	1
sluggishly	1
and	1
it	1
takes	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
to	1
do	1
anything.	1
Battery	1
is	1
Original	1
Equipment	1
Specifications,	1
charged	1
and	1
functions	1
fine,	1
problem	1
was	1
cellphone.	1
The	1
speakerphone	1
made	1
popular	1
on	1
the	1
SCP	1
4900	1
is	1
also	1
included	1
here,	1
allowing	1
easy	1
hands-free.	1
If	1
I	1
have	1
phone	1
on	1
belt	1
and	1
headset	1
in	1
ear	1
=	1
STATIC.	1
It	1
is	1
hard	1
to	1
beat	1
spending	1
$2	1
on	1
a	1
head	1
set	1
that	1
has	1
lasted	1
5	1
years,	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
few	1
more	1
just	1
to	1
have	1
around	1
and	1
on	1
hand.	1
highly	1
recommended.	1
Luckally	1
that	1
happened	1
to	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
I	1
had	1
within	1
30	1
days,	1
the	1
second	1
one	1
I	1
got	1
by	1
return	1
lassted	1
slightly	1
longer	1
and	1
now	1
has	1
a	1
dead	1
screen.	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
disappointed	1
that	1
the	1
earpience	1
part	1
was	1
not	1
fully	1
covered.	1
The	1
color	1
screen	1
is	1
wonderful;	1
I	1
can	1
play	1
game	1
in	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
practice	1
that	1
is	1
very	1
common	1
with	1
Carriers	1
like	1
Sprint,	1
Verizon,	1
and	1
AT&T.	1
Customer	1
service,	1
when	1
you	1
can	1
actually	1
get	1
through	1
to	1
them,	1
is	1
incompetent.	1
easy	1
to	1
break	1
boom	1
and	1
ear	1
connector.	1
Oh,	1
and	1
you	1
need	1
"Their	1
special	1
cord"	1
or	1
it	1
wont	1
work.	1
VERY	1
CLEAR,	1
Light	1
and	1
Comfortable.	1
BUYER	1
BEWARE!	1
lack	1
of	1
quality	1
control.	1
A	1
LOT.3)Just	1
plain	1
ugly.	1
I	1
am	1
unhappy	1
about	1
the	1
clip	1
mainly	1
because	1
when	1
it	1
broke	1
my	1
phone	1
his	1
the	1
cement	1
and	1
chipped	1
the	1
corner.	1
If	1
any	1
prospective	1
buyer	1
checks	1
on	1
the	1
web,	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
OVERWHELMINGLY	1
negative	1
reviews.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
INVEST	1
MONEY	1
IN	1
THIS	1
PHONE..	1
very	1
clear,	1
lightweight...	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
takes	1
some	1
getting	1
used	1
to	1
in	1
putting	1
on	1
one-handed.	1
travel	1
charger.	1
The	1
biggest	1
issue	1
is	1
my	1
son	1
is	1
now	1
15	1
months	1
and	1
everytime	1
he	1
sees	1
the	1
blinking	1
light,	1
he	1
wants	1
my	1
blue	1
tooth,	1
so	1
I	1
can't	1
wear	1
it	1
around	1
him.	1
I	1
close	1
the	1
mouthpiece	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
shut	1
off.	1
I	1
missed	1
everything	1
after	1
the	1
first	1
word."	1
I	1
was	1
slightly	1
skeptical	1
about	1
buying	1
a	1
non-branded	1
battery,	1
but	1
the	1
price	1
difference	1
is	1
just	1
too	1
great	1
to	1
not	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
try.	1
Buyer	1
beware	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
50/50	1
chance	1
it	1
wont	1
work.	1
So	1
pleased.	1
This	1
choice	1
for	1
less	1
than	1
$20.00	1
works	1
super.	1
Just	1
shipped	1
mine	1
back	1
this	1
week	1
for	1
two	1
reasons.1.	1
a	1
bit	1
disappointed.	1
It	1
has	1
great	1
sound	1
and	1
is	1
comfortable,	1
reliable,	1
and	1
has	1
great	1
battery	1
life.	1
Great	1
Deal.	1
Ehn....bad	1
product.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
package	1
mostly	1
because	1
I	1
wanted	1
the	1
car	1
charger.	1
It	1
does	1
come	1
with	1
three	1
different	1
size	1
interchangeable	1
earpieces.	1
I'll	1
never	1
buy	1
Motorola	1
again!	1
Depends	1
on	1
what	1
kind	1
of	1
user	1
you	1
are......	1
Well..	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
explain,	1
but	1
let's	1
start	1
-	1
FIRST	1
unfortunately	1
i	1
couldnt	1
wait	1
so	1
i	1
cancelled	1
and	1
ordered	1
the	1
silver	1
razr.they	1
took	1
away	1
the	1
free	1
overnight	1
shipping	1
and	1
my	1
(huge)	1
$5	1
discount.	1
But	1
the	1
problem	1
is	1
with	1
the	1
sprint	1
customer	1
service	1
online	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
in	1
the	1
stores.	1
It	1
would	1
vibrate	1
at	1
random	1
times	1
for	1
no	1
reason,	1
and	1
the	1
camera	1
image	1
became	1
completely	1
distorted	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
no	1
longer	1
take	1
pictures.	1
The	1
devise	1
has	1
a	1
few	1
shortcomings.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use	1
camera,	1
even	1
though	1
low	1
picture	1
quality.	1
And	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
suspiciously	1
low.	1
What	1
else	1
could	1
I	1
ask	1
for?	1
Usually	1
have	1
to	1
shut	1
it	1
off	1
and	1
'reboot'.It	1
is	1
basically	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
All	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
is	1
send	1
me	1
an	1
email	1
asking	1
for	1
a	1
referral.	1
Simply	1
state	1
the	1
command	1
"Call"	1
and	1
the	1
contact	1
"Home"	1
and	1
the	1
dialing	1
is	1
done	1
for	1
you.	1
Best	1
transmitter	1
I've	1
ever	1
used.	1
The	1
button	1
is	1
indistinguishable	1
from	1
the	1
rest	1
of	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
small	1
arrow	1
engraved.	1
I	1
purchased	1
three	1
of	1
these	1
batteries	1
and	1
each	1
one	1
would	1
not	1
last	1
through	1
one	1
day	1
in	1
standby	1
(not	1
making	1
calls)	1
before	1
it	1
went	1
dead.	1
These	1
cards	1
are	1
reasonably	1
priced,	1
but	1
make	1
sure	1
you	1
get	1
one	1
with	1
the	1
right	1
memory	1
and	1
the	1
right	1
connectivity	1
setup	1
for	1
this	1
phone.	1
Like	1
the	1
instruction	1
book	1
coming	1
in	1
French	1
only,	1
and	1
British	1
spellings	1
on	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
stuff.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
original.	1
But	1
after	1
numerous	1
drops	1
and	1
abuse	1
it	1
shows	1
its	1
age	1
but	1
still	1
works!	1
I	1
read	1
the	1
reviews	1
for	1
the	1
Body	1
Glove	1
Ion	1
and	1
went	1
out	1
and	1
bought	1
one.	1
Has	1
place	1
to	1
pass	1
thru	1
belt.Perfect.	1
and	1
find	1
it	1
works	1
just	1
fine	1
with	1
that	1
or	1
with	1
my	1
4G	1
classic	1
iPod.	1
It's	1
a	1
normal	1
weak	1
user	1
interface	1
Motorola	1
phone.	1
Edge	1
network	1
is	1
fine	1
for	1
text	1
related	1
websites.	1
Razr	1
V3	1
OEM	1
software.	1
The	1
hard	1
drive	1
is	1
very	1
small	1
which	1
only	1
allows	1
for	1
about	1
25	1
songs	1
to	1
be	1
stored.	1
The	1
pictures	1
and	1
video	1
are	1
alot	1
of	1
fun	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
buying	1
a	1
phone	1
to	1
actually	1
talk	1
to	1
someone,	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
one.	1
It's	1
on	1
par	1
with	1
ost	1
headsets,	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
heard	1
better.	1
This	1
one	1
works	1
great	1
so	1
far.	1
When	1
not	1
next	1
to	1
the	1
box,	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
improvement	1
at	1
all.	1
It's	1
All	1
True.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
worth	1
the	1
few	1
bucks	1
(after	1
shipping	1
costs).	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
replace	1
a	1
broken	1
one	1
and	1
much	1
to	1
my	1
dismay	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
wireless	1
web	1
or	1
text	1
messaging	1
capability!	1
The	1
size	1
is	1
perfect	1
because	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
feel	1
like	1
I	1
am	1
carrying	1
a	1
gun	1
on	1
my	1
belt	1
holster.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
terrible	1
product.	1
Falls	1
short.	1
Extremely	1
power	1
hungry.	1
Excellent	1
service	1
with	1
the	1
seller.	1
does	1
exactly	1
what	1
i	1
needed	1
it	1
to	1
do/what	1
it	1
says	1
it	1
does.	1
non-technophile	1
friendly.	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
try	1
it	1
biking	1
as	1
well,	1
but	1
have	1
read	1
that	1
the	1
performance	1
is	1
even	1
worse	1
biking.	1
My	1
HTC-s620	1
phone	1
is	1
about	1
2	1
yrs	1
old.	1
Great	1
buy	1
and	1
outstanding	1
value.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
tough	1
time	1
trying	1
to	1
find	1
an	1
adapter	1
for	1
the	1
LG	1
phone	1
that	1
allowed	1
me	1
to	1
connect	1
regular	1
headphones	1
to	1
it.	1
Buyer	1
beware...	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
Sprint.	1
Works	1
fine..	1
Had	1
my	1
doubts	1
about	1
ordering	1
an	1
item	1
like	1
this	1
on	1
the	1
internet	1
but	1
after	1
receipt	1
of	1
the	1
item,	1
I	1
found	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
I'll	1
be	1
keeping	1
a	1
couple	1
around.	1
The	1
Nokia	1
1100	1
phone	1
I	1
bought	1
is	1
defective.	1
Though	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
I've	1
ever	1
owned	1
I	1
can't	1
imagine	1
one	1
that	1
works	1
any	1
better.	1
Thank	1
you	1
Amazon!	1
Let	1
me	1
quote:Thank	1
you	1
for	1
contacting	1
Product	1
Support.Jabra	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
repair	1
service.	1
Works	1
wonderfully.	1
Device	1
Has	1
Limited	1
Uses	1
--	1
Tech	1
Support	1
Horrible.	1
good	1
but	1
not	1
quite.	1
Nothing	1
you	1
can	1
do	1
about	1
it.	1
Case	1
has	1
been	1
great,	1
but	1
the	1
"multidapt"	1
clip	1
stinks!	1
Has	1
no	1
discernible	1
effect	1
whatsoever	1
on	1
cell	1
signal,	1
regardless	1
of	1
where	1
placed	1
in	1
vehicle.	1
A	1
better	1
solution	1
is	1
to	1
get	1
an	1
adapter	1
and	1
use	1
your	1
favorite	1
earbuds.	1
happy.Then,	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
later,	1
something	1
went	1
wrong	1
with	1
the	1
hinge	1
on	1
the	1
second	1
phone.	1
This	1
one	1
tries	1
and	1
does	1
a	1
good	1
job.	1
Furthermore,	1
the	1
instructions	1
for	1
the	1
blackberry	1
are	1
completely	1
inadequate	1
as	1
are	1
the	1
online	1
help	1
options.	1
Very	1
nice	1
style	1
at	1
a	1
very	1
nice	1
price.	1
Sounds	1
Quality	1
is	1
very	1
Good,	1
Good	1
Price.	1
highly	1
Disappointed	1
in	1
it.	1
Video,	1
pics,	1
clarity,	1
comfort,	1
volume,	1
battery	1
life,	1
email	1
(pics,	1
videos,	1
etc.)	1
But	1
maybe	1
i	1
just	1
got	1
a	1
bad	1
one.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
may	1
have	1
to	1
reset	1
the	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
run	1
several	1
applications...I	1
guess	1
due	1
to	1
memory	1
leaks.	1
not	1
buying	1
them,	1
in	1
my	1
opinion,	1
would	1
be	1
..	1
for	1
lack	1
of	1
a	1
better	1
word...	1
dumb.	1
)*	1
The	1
camera	1
quality	1
is	1
impressive.	1
Probably	1
the	1
best	1
smartphone	1
for	1
T-Mobile	1
(Edit.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
fantastic.	1
Otherwise	1
I	1
strongly	1
recommend	1
looking	1
at	1
other	1
phones,	1
such	1
as	1
the	1
Samsung	1
335,	1
which	1
easily	1
slips	1
into	1
your	1
pocket	1
without	1
being	1
noticed.	1
All	1
in	1
all	1
I	1
love	1
having	1
th	1
phone.	1
MONSTER	1
RADIOPLAY	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK!.	1
I	1
repeated	1
this	1
process	1
and	1
came	1
up	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
results,	1
only	1
this	1
time	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
even	1
come	1
on	1
once	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
charger.	1
why	1
would	1
a	1
"designer"	1
or	1
an	1
"engineer"	1
do	1
that?	1
If	1
bulk	1
bothers	1
you,	1
maybe	1
the	1
330	1
or	1
discovery	1
925	1
or	1
975	1
will	1
do	1
the	1
job	1
for	1
you.	1
looks	1
great	1
at	1
first.	1
Big	1
things	1
in	1
small	1
packages.	1
This	1
seller	1
is	1
the	1
best!!!	1
As	1
strong	1
as	1
the	1
weakest	1
link..	1
The	1
pouch	1
is	1
very	1
handsome,	1
the	1
magnetic	1
clasp	1
is	1
nifty,	1
if	1
a	1
little	1
bulky.	1
They	1
also	1
report	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
insurable.Phone	1
screen	1
broke	1
for	1
me	1
2	1
days	1
ago	1
-	1
rendering	1
the	1
external	1
screen	1
useless.	1
that	1
depends	1
on	1
your	1
headphones	1
and	1
not	1
of	1
your	1
adapter	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
stayed	1
with	1
Verizon.	1
That	1
alone	1
would	1
not	1
have	1
warranted	1
a	1
1	1
star	1
rating.	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
Vertical	1
Pouch.	1
As	1
good	1
as	1
they	1
look,	1
they	1
still	1
need	1
work.	1
I	1
had	1
meant	1
to	1
upgrade	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
bought	1
it.	1
Still	1
Waiting..	1
I	1
placed	1
the	1
original	1
order	1
in	1
late	1
October.	1
The	1
sound	1
only	1
came	1
out	1
of	1
one	1
ear	1
when	1
plugged	1
in.	1
Hi,I	1
upgraded	1
to	1
this	1
phone	1
last	1
fall	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
disappointed	1
ever	1
since.	1
J&R	1
includes	1
a	1
(paid)	1
bulk	1
adapter	1
to	1
fit	1
american	1
standards	1
Worked	1
fine	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Unless	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
in	1
shirt	1
pocket	1
an	1
intolerable	1
amount	1
of	1
static	1
on	1
the	1
recieving	1
side	1
occured.	1
ANY	1
other	1
distance	1
is	1
exactly	1
no	1
changeat	1
all.	1
The	1
company	1
has	1
since	1
told	1
me	1
they	1
sent	1
the	1
correct	1
product	1
(and	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
delivered	1
to	1
my	1
home).	1
There's	1
no	1
way	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
one-hit	1
wonder".Motorola	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
of	1
today,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
too	1
much	1
in	1
demand.	1
After	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days,	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
idea	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
these	1
folks	1
liked	1
about	1
it.	1
Steel	1
wire!.	1
There's	1
only	1
a	1
couple	1
crunked	1
out	1
ghetto	1
ones.	1
In	1
addition	1
the	1
back	1
cover	1
is	1
a	1
cheep	1
piece	1
of	1
metal,	1
instead	1
of	1
plastic	1
which	1
it	1
should	1
me.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
First	1
OneStopWirelesshop	1
is	1
totally	1
incompetent.	1
It	1
simply	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
love	1
these	1
headphones	1
for	1
working	1
out.	1
Customer	1
service	1
???	1
I	1
recorded	1
my	1
voice	1
at	1
several	1
speaking	1
levels	1
and	1
played	1
them	1
back,	1
and	1
then	1
repeated	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
test	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
without	1
the	1
headset.	1
Whoever	1
I'm	1
talking	1
to	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
very	1
well,	1
too.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
headset.	1
I	1
don't	1
care	1
how	1
much	1
you	1
pay	1
for	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
type	1
of	1
cord,	1
they	1
should	1
all	1
work.	1
Any	1
body	1
that	1
complains	1
about	1
speaker	1
volume	1
probably	1
did	1
not	1
get	1
their	1
update.	1
The	1
other	1
complaint	1
is	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
the	1
earplug	1
out	1
to	1
change	1
it	1
to	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
different	1
sizes	1
provided.	1
Buy	1
the	1
Sidekick	1
II	1
or	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
it	1
all.	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
line	1
of	1
products	1
to	1
anyone	1
with	1
multiple	1
electronics	1
to	1
keep	1
charged.	1
Great	1
addition	1
for	1
your	1
phone.	1
Originally	1
even	1
though	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
well,	1
I	1
was	1
either	1
not	1
heard	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
or	1
my	1
voice	1
had	1
a	1
lot	1
feedback.	1
Love	1
paying	1
fees,	1
especially	1
to	1
recover	1
regulatory	1
costs.	1
Not	1
worth	1
it.	1
We	1
can	1
give	1
them	1
airtime	1
in	1
advance.	1
The	1
Little	1
BlueAnt	1
that	1
Could.	1
Holds	1
most	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
when	1
not	1
in	1
use.	1
The	1
keys	1
are	1
a	1
good	1
size	1
with	1
just	1
the	1
right	1
touch.	1
Nextel	1
needs	1
simplier	1
documentation.	1
To	1
answer,	1
say	1
'hello'	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
times;	1
to	1
not	1
answer,	1
keep	1
yer	1
yap	1
shut	1
:)	1
the	1
wind	1
noise	1
is	1
not	1
recognized	1
as	1
voice	1
and	1
the	1
call	1
is	1
not	1
answered.	1
It	1
did,	1
however,	1
fit	1
my	1
ear	1
well	1
and	1
was	1
comfortable.	1
great	1
sturdy	1
case	1
with	1
strong	1
magnetic	1
closure	1
leather	1
is	1
good	1
qualitywhat	1
more	1
is	1
there	1
to	1
say?	1
My	1
main	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
deal	1
with	1
amazon	1
in	1
getting	1
it.	1
The	1
phone	1
felt	1
fragile.	1
I've	1
tried	1
other	1
wired	1
headsets	1
and	1
they	1
either	1
fell	1
off	1
my	1
ear	1
or	1
made	1
it	1
sound	1
like	1
I	1
was	1
on	1
speaker	1
phone.	1
Oh,	1
there	1
is	1
one	1
pro	1
(lol)-->	1
the	1
design	1
is	1
not	1
bad,	1
cute.	1
I	1
miss	1
classic	1
games	1
like	1
Snake	1
or	1
Tetris	1
anyway.The	1
camera	1
is	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
be.	1
Still	1
worked.	1
Yes,	1
that	1
means	1
it	1
takes	1
even	1
longer	1
to	1
scroll	1
through	1
the	1
phone	1
book.	1
The	1
funny	1
thing	1
is,	1
i'm	1
not	1
exaggerating.	1
Whether	1
it	1
was	1
from	1
a	1
sigh	1
or	1
just	1
during	1
the	1
normal	1
air	1
release	1
from	1
talking...it	1
was	1
very	1
annoying.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Jabra	1
Earset	1
for	1
my	1
Nokia	1
and	1
Ericsson	1
phones,	1
and	1
its	1
the	1
best	1
earset	1
Ive	1
tried!	1
(yes	1
it	1
was	1
old	1
but	1
worked	1
so	1
well	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
trade	1
it	1
until	1
it	1
died).	1
Many	1
problems.	1
Great	1
Price.	1
Worst	1
Phone	1
Made.	1
Initially,	1
when	1
I	1
read	1
the	1
instructions	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
meant	1
that	1
it	1
couldn't	1
be	1
functioning	1
with	1
more	1
than	1
two	1
at	1
a	1
time,	1
which	1
makes	1
sense.	1
The	1
cross-platform	1
usability	1
is	1
such	1
a	1
hassle	1
I	1
never	1
bothered	1
going	1
through	1
the	1
steps	1
necessary	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
overseas.	1
How	1
inelegant.Yes,	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
it	1
and	1
would	1
buy	1
it	1
again.	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
lot	1
my	1
cellphone	1
and	1
their	1
charge	1
long	1
last!	1
Many	1
feautures,	1
quality	1
and	1
great	1
reception.	1
mixed	1
feelings.	1
For	1
other	1
customer,	1
please	1
verify	1
the	1
condition	1
of	1
your	1
merchandise.I	1
am	1
not	1
happy	1
because	1
of	1
it.	1
Useful	1
cell	1
phone.	1
its	1
like	1
the	1
razor	1
and	1
the	1
blackberry	1
had	1
a	1
baby.	1
Very	1
trendy,	1
but	1
also	1
a	1
pain.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
lawyer	1
and	1
am	1
trying	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
unit	1
with	1
my	1
blackberry.	1
Battery	1
o.k.	1
Too	1
bad	1
the	1
reception	1
is	1
lousy,	1
otherwise	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
great	1
piece	1
of	1
technology.P.	1
Thankfully,	1
I	1
am	1
under	1
warranty	1
so	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
replaced.	1
I	1
ordered	1
two	1
batteries	1
for	1
two	1
Blackberry	1
curves.	1
You	1
would	1
be	1
hard	1
pressed	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
good	1
one	1
anyway	1
given	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
assembly.	1
Impressive.	1
wen	1
i	1
bought	1
ringers,	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
was	1
on	1
high,	1
they	1
were	1
very	1
distorted.OVERALL	1
-	1
I	1
REALLY	1
LIKED	1
THIS	1
PHONE.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
cable.	1
They	1
got	1
parts	1
from	1
different	1
phones	1
and	1
made	1
a	1
"brand	1
new"	1
one.	1
Thanks	1
a	1
lot!	1
then	1
give	1
a	1
name	1
not	1
even	1
close	1
to	1
the	1
name	1
I	1
ask	1
it	1
to	1
call.I'm	1
very	1
frustrated	1
with	1
this	1
device!	1
If	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
take	1
hours	1
to	1
send	1
or	1
recieve	1
a	1
message,	1
it	1
took	1
days,	1
or	1
maybe	1
didn't	1
even	1
come	1
at	1
all.	1
This	1
fitted	1
leather	1
case	1
has	1
a	1
stiff	1
back	1
and	1
cannot	1
fit	1
the	1
Q	1
with	1
an	1
extended	1
battery.	1
The	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
great	1
screen,	1
basic	1
features,	1
and	1
camera	1
works	1
well.	1
What	1
I	1
especially	1
like	1
about	1
it	1
is	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
clear	1
vinyl	1
window	1
that	1
goes	1
over	1
the	1
screen	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
now	1
for	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
not	1
given	1
me	1
any	1
problems.	1
Volume	1
goes	1
up	1
pretty	1
high	1
if	1
you	1
need.I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
computer.	1
it's	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
headset	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent	1
but	1
the	1
ear	1
attachment	1
piece	1
that's	1
optional	1
is	1
poor	1
quality.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
is	1
a	1
case	1
of	1
false	1
advertisement!	1
The	1
sound	1
was	1
ok,	1
the	1
bass	1
was	1
very	1
weak	1
compared	1
to	1
the	1
stock	1
LG	1
headset.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
it	1
on	1
at	1
night	1
you	1
worry	1
that	1
airplanes	1
will	1
land	1
on	1
your	1
head.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
this	1
item.	1
It	1
never	1
came	1
close	1
to	1
falling	1
out-	1
it	1
passed	1
the	1
head	1
tilt	1
test	1
and	1
the	1
bend	1
over	1
test.	1
One	1
caution	1
though	1
My	1
handfree	1
headset	1
ended	1
up	1
in	1
the	1
trash	1
without	1
reservation.	1
The	1
features	1
in	1
this	1
phone	1
are	1
very	1
user-friendly	1
when	1
compared	1
to	1
the	1
horrible	1
Sony	1
Ericcson	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
before.	1
These	1
are	1
not	1
the	1
answer	1
to	1
Jawbone	1
Noise	1
Asason.	1
My	1
other	1
minor	1
issue	1
is	1
that	1
this	1
case	1
does	1
not	1
offer	1
additional	1
room	1
for	1
the	1
myriad	1
of	1
accessories	1
one	1
might	1
have.	1
A	1
stylus	1
that	1
actually	1
works	1
perfectly	1
on	1
Palm	1
Pre!.	1
don't	1
believe	1
it	1
just	1
buy	1
it	1
and	1
see!	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
that	1
bothers	1
me	1
is	1
sometimes	1
if	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
the	1
headset	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
properly,	1
that	1
inside	1
piece	1
irritates	1
my	1
ear.	1
buy	1
only	1
if	1
you	1
need	1
the	1
leather	1
cover.	1
Arrived	1
in	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
and	1
really	1
improved	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
sound	1
in	1
the	1
headset.	1
I	1
paid	1
the	1
unit	1
400$	1
on	1
ebay,	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
discuss	1
the	1
issue	1
with	1
a	1
corporate	1
office	1
sales	1
relation	1
person	1
in	1
Canada	1
and	1
they	1
say	1
I	1
had	1
misused	1
it.	1
Paired	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
phone	1
easily	1
and	1
the	1
menu	1
recognition	1
works	1
fine.	1
Battery	1
Does	1
not	1
Work.	1
I	1
am	1
however	1
upgrading	1
my	1
phone	1
even	1
though	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
four	1
months.	1
Phone	1
is	1
solid,	1
rebate	1
criteria	1
not.	1
Yet	1
the	1
picture	1
plainly	1
shows	1
a	1
NOKIA	1
BLD-3	1
battery	1
which	1
is	1
rated	1
at	1
3.7V,	1
720mAh.	1
The	1
signal	1
in	1
the	1
room	1
with	1
the	1
extender	1
unit	1
was	1
no	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
two	1
bars	1
I	1
get	1
on	1
a	1
good	1
day.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use,	1
good	1
voice	1
clarity,	1
good	1
reception	1
where	1
there's	1
GSM	1
network	1
access.	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
passion!!!!!	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
pretty	1
good.	1
Nothing	1
we	1
could	1
say	1
would	1
make	1
them	1
rescind	1
the	1
charge.	1
It	1
appears	1
that	1
Wireless	1
Technologies	1
has	1
mislabelled	1
an	1
entire	1
shipment	1
of	1
this	1
holster.	1
A	1
lot	1
of	1
people	1
have	1
complained	1
about	1
it.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
sounds	1
a	1
little	1
staticky	1
but	1
my	1
calls	1
are	1
clear	1
enough	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
hear	1
what	1
is	1
going	1
on.	1
Must	1
have	1
a	1
been	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
first	1
one.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
the	1
clip	1
is	1
removeable.	1
It's	1
as	1
simple	1
as	1
that.	1
When	1
I	1
tried,	1
it	1
's	1
not	1
working,	1
neither	1
the	1
cradle,	1
neither	1
the	1
aditional	1
battery	1
charger.	1
The	1
call	1
and	1
disconnect	1
buttons	1
are	1
the	1
oposite	1
of	1
the	1
motorola!	1
This	1
Phone	1
is	1
So	1
Nice.	1
This	1
was	1
the	1
show	1
stopper	1
and	1
why	1
I	1
picked	1
the	1
Nokia	1
BH-800	1
instead.	1
But	1
the	1
clip	1
is	1
not	1
exactly	1
strong.	1
Great	1
Device.	1
When	1
I	1
used	1
the	1
word	1
"hell"	1
in	1
frustration	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
that	1
they	1
wouldn't	1
use	1
language	1
like	1
that	1
as	1
they	1
want	1
to	1
"remain	1
professional".	1
I	1
agree	1
with	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
posts	1
that	1
the	1
design	1
is	1
not	1
robust.	1
Yes,	1
it	1
is	1
wireless,	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
our	1
VoIP	1
phones.	1
The	1
car	1
adpater	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
piece.	1
)The	1
second	1
big	1
problem	1
was	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
purchase	1
a	1
custom	1
ringtone	1
from	1
the	1
VM	1
USA	1
website.	1
Next	1
time,	1
I	1
will	1
just	1
stay	1
with	1
the	1
silver	1
color	1
if	1
this	1
phone	1
needs	1
replacement,	1
the	1
additional	1
cost	1
for	1
the	1
color,	1
in	1
my	1
opinion,	1
is	1
not	1
worth	1
it.	1
I	1
DO	1
NOT	1
RECOMMEND	1
THIS	1
PHONE!!!	1
RMA	1
ACCESSORIES	1
is	1
bad	1
business.	1
The	1
RAZR	1
front	1
screen	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
typical	1
little	1
motorola	1
blue/gray	1
clock	1
display.	1
It	1
didn't	1
seem	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
volume	1
as	1
the	1
320	1
&	1
330.	1
Unacceptable.	1
The	1
fat	1
eraser	1
end	1
does,	1
but	1
it's	1
no	1
better	1
than	1
a	1
finger	1
really.	1
I	1
bought	1
2	1
of	1
them,	1
tried	1
them	1
on	1
a	1
RAZR	1
V3,	1
a	1
RAZR	1
V3XX,	1
and	1
a	1
SLVR	1
and	1
neither	1
one	1
of	1
them	1
worked.	1
Since	1
D&G	1
designed	1
the	1
phone	1
there	1
are	1
some	1
misspellings	1
in	1
the	1
English	1
lol	1
(like	1
dialled	1
calls,	1
personalise	1
for	1
example).	1
I've	1
paired	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
(Palm	1
Treo	1
650),	1
my	1
laptop	1
(Dell	1
Latitude	1
D620)	1
and	1
my	1
fiance's	1
phone	1
(Samsung	1
SGH-D807).	1
Besides,	1
they	1
are	1
the	1
ones	1
who	1
should	1
be	1
treated	1
with	1
suspicion	1
for	1
marketing	1
a	1
product	1
with	1
defective	1
software	1
that	1
expires	1
after	1
only	1
30	1
uses.	1
I	1
buy	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
so	1
apparent	1
the	1
this	1
phone	1
rocks.	1
my	1
only	1
other	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
lacks	1
a	1
password	1
protection	1
feature	1
for	1
text	1
messages.	1
I	1
looked	1
at	1
other	1
neoprene	1
cases,	1
including	1
some	1
which	1
you	1
install	1
over	1
the	1
phone	1
(and	1
therefore	1
keep	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
as	1
you	1
use	1
it).	1
The	1
phone	1
will	1
NOT	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
pc.	1
And	1
for	1
people	1
with	1
large	1
ears	1
it's	1
not	1
the	1
easiest	1
to	1
put	1
on,	1
but	1
it's	1
VERY	1
light.	1
I	1
was	1
excited	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
phone	1
but	1
boy	1
was	1
I	1
disapointed.	1
FYI	1
,	1
i	1
ordered	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
phones,	1
D900,	1
and	1
they	1
both	1
were	1
defective	1
when	1
pushing	1
the	1
send	1
button.	1
It's	1
small	1
and	1
comfortable	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
just	1
right.	1
Keep	1
a	1
spare	1
charger	1
at	1
your	1
desk,	1
for	1
cryin'	1
out	1
loud!	1
Great	1
Buy!!!.	1
You	1
can	1
tell	1
by	1
the	1
other	1
reviews	1
that	1
this	1
headset	1
works	1
and	1
pairs	1
easily	1
with	1
most	1
phones.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
phone	1
number	1
on	1
the	1
Boxwave	1
site.	1
!Wish	1
I	1
could	1
honestly	1
recommened	1
it.	1
I	1
am	1
planning	1
to	1
donate	1
this	1
to	1
my	1
brother.	1
Are	1
defects	1
or	1
problems	1
with	1
this	1
unit	1
so	1
common	1
as	1
to	1
cause	1
tech	1
support	1
to	1
always	1
just	1
immediately	1
recommend	1
a	1
return?	1
No	1
matter	1
how	1
long	1
you	1
charged	1
the	1
battery,	1
the	1
screen	1
became	1
black	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
seconds.	1
Worked	1
well	1
for	1
a	1
year	1
until	1
I	1
dropped	1
it	1
and	1
the	1
part	1
that	1
stays	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
broke	1
off.	1
My	1
2.0	1
version	1
would	1
no	1
longer	1
update.	1
The	1
"backlighting"	1
doesn't	1
stay	1
on	1
long	1
enough,	1
and	1
the	1
screen	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
read	1
in	1
light	1
to	1
begin	1
with.	1
This	1
kind	1
of	1
screw	1
up	1
is	1
typical	1
with	1
United	1
Parcel	1
Socialists.	1
Lives	1
up	1
to	1
expectations.	1
Number	1
of	1
channels	1
is	1
extremely	1
limited	1
and	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
reception	1
(i.e.	1
It's	1
small	1
enough	1
to	1
carry	1
anywhere	1
and	1
it	1
keeps	1
my	1
earbuds	1
from	1
snagging	1
on	1
things.	1
Intuitive	1
controls	1
for	1
volume	1
up/down,	1
redial,	1
voice	1
dial.	1
I	1
am	1
hearing	1
impaired	1
and	1
use	1
a	1
cochlear	1
implant.	1
Then	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
apologize	1
to	1
the	1
caller	1
for	1
all	1
my	1
hassles.The	1
sound	1
quality	1
wasn't	1
worht	1
the	1
hassle.	1
COunterfeit	1
Battery	1
---	1
this	1
time	1
from	1
The	1
OEM	1
Shop.	1
Why	1
did	1
I	1
throw	1
packaging	1
away...	1
The	1
Ultimate	1
Performance.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
Plantronics	1
unit	1
which	1
had	1
a	1
cord	1
and	1
which	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
unplug	1
should	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
leave	1
my	1
desk.	1
Good	1
sound	1
quality.Could	1
do	1
better	1
with	1
sound	1
volume	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
generally	1
adequate	1
for	1
regular	1
conversation.	1
29.99	1
for	1
181	1
days.	1
Big	1
shortcoming-	1
Volume.	1
And	1
it's	1
pretty,	1
too!	1
The	1
duplex	1
sound	1
is	1
incredible	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
fully	1
adjustable	1
on	1
the	1
unit	1
as	1
well	1
from	1
your	1
phone.	1
Downloading	1
files	1
and	1
viewing	1
websites	1
was	1
a	1
fast	1
treat.	1
Would	1
not	1
recommend.	1
It	1
works	1
great,	1
and	1
costs	1
much	1
less	1
than	1
at	1
a	1
local	1
retail	1
store.	1
It's	1
quite	1
a	1
bit	1
more	1
expensive	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
the	1
phone	1
straight	1
out	1
(I	1
paid	1
$269),	1
but	1
just	1
about	1
worth	1
the	1
extra	1
money.	1
Good	1
cellphone!!!.	1
I	1
finally	1
put	1
the	1
old	1
battery	1
back	1
in	1
and	1
haven't	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
since.	1
I	1
do	1
find	1
it	1
odd	1
that	1
Palm	1
did	1
not	1
make	1
the	1
spring	1
strong	1
enough	1
to	1
tighty	1
close	1
the	1
unit.	1
Hopefully	1
it	1
will	1
get	1
better,	1
since	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
really	1
used	1
it	1
that	1
much	1
yet.	1
Most	1
of	1
what	1
you're	1
paying	1
for	1
is	1
the	1
camera.	1
No	1
calls	1
to	1
tech,	1
no	1
returns.	1
That's	1
sort	1
of	1
poor	1
for	1
battery	1
life.	1
*"supports	1
voice	1
dialing"...	1
great	1
but	1
how?	1
The	1
promess	1
phone.	1
I	1
truly	1
haven't	1
found	1
even	1
one	1
thing	1
wrong	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
both	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
while	1
I	1
drive	1
and	1
for	1
Xbox	1
Live.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
my	1
form	1
was	1
missing	1
some	1
information,	1
or	1
something	1
was	1
mistyped	1
-	1
no	1
idea	1
at	1
all	1
what	1
happened.	1
The	1
old	1
battery	1
has	1
worked	1
well	1
for	1
3	1
years	1
and	1
was	1
starting	1
to	1
lose	1
battery	1
life.	1
Too	1
expensive	1
for	1
the	1
price....	1
The	1
ear	1
piece	1
makes	1
a	1
weird	1
noise	1
everytime	1
I	1
use	1
it.	1
I	1
searched	1
the	1
internet	1
and	1
have	1
found	1
many	1
other	1
people	1
saying	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
about	1
it	1
suddenly	1
dying.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
totally	1
cool...I	1
even	1
got	1
a	1
signal	1
in	1
the	1
basement	1
of	1
my	1
building	1
where	1
I	1
never	1
got	1
reception	1
before!	1
Good	1
Basic	1
Phone.	1
I	1
called	1
Sony	1
for	1
repaire.	1
I've	1
already	1
replaced	1
one	1
memory	1
stick	1
and	1
any	1
MP3's	1
that	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
play	1
will	1
drain	1
the	1
battery	1
to	1
where	1
the	1
charge	1
will	1
not	1
last	1
the	1
entire	1
day.	1
Just	1
check	1
ebay,	1
these	1
things	1
sell	1
for	1
a	1
fraction	1
of	1
the	1
price	1
there.	1
Great	1
--	1
for	1
nine	1
months.	1
It	1
is	1
sturdy,	1
has	1
a	1
very	1
strong	1
flip.	1
The	1
person	1
sitting	1
next	1
to	1
me	1
put	1
their	1
hand	1
down	1
to	1
adjust	1
their	1
position,	1
and	1
voila!	1
Poor	1
(very)	1
volume	1
for	1
driving.	1
It	1
then	1
charged	1
back	1
to	1
full	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
5	1
minutes.	1
Works	1
great	1
with	1
a	1
Win2000	1
notebook.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
couple	1
complaints	1
about	1
button	1
location	1
and	1
the	1
light/flash	1
on	1
the	1
camera.Pros	1
Works	1
just	1
fine.	1
I	1
was	1
SO	1
excited	1
to	1
purchase	1
this	1
unit	1
because	1
of	1
its	1
claim	1
of	1
noise	1
cancelling.	1
If	1
you	1
insist	1
on	1
buying	1
this	1
I	1
would	1
go	1
ahead	1
and	1
by	1
a	1
2nd	1
for	1
a	1
backup	1
for	1
when	1
the	1
first	1
fails.	1
the	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
spare	1
battery	1
charger.	1
full	1
length	1
movies),	1
games,	1
browse	1
the	1
web,	1
schedule	1
your	1
appointments,	1
etc.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
crap	1
and	1
driving	1
me	1
insane.	1
This	1
is	1
very	1
low	1
quality.	1
So	1
again,	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
why	1
this	1
"new"	1
battery	1
only	1
lasts	1
about	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
a	1
half.	1
The	1
item	1
pictured	1
is	1
not	1
what	1
gets	1
sent	1
to	1
you!	1
Great	1
value	1
Ipod	1
Travel	1
Charger.	1
This	1
did	1
fit	1
the	1
need	1
I	1
had.	1
A	1
small	1
headset	1
that	1
is	1
wireless	1
and	1
it	1
didn't	1
look	1
like	1
a	1
studio	1
headset.	1
This	1
technology	1
has	1
been	1
mostly	1
disabled	1
by	1
Verizon.	1
Used	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
custom	1
audio	1
box	1
that	1
clips	1
on	1
to	1
my	1
belt.	1
These	1
are	1
some	1
decent	1
headphones,	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
use	1
them	1
they	1
WILL	1
break.	1
Got	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
replace	1
the	1
Explorer220	1
that	1
I	1
lost	1
somewhere.	1
I	1
don't	1
trust	1
it	1
will	1
stand	1
up.	1
Oh,	1
the	1
Flash	1
isn't	1
supported?	1
My	1
laptop	1
Windows	1
XP	1
did	1
not	1
recognize	1
the	1
Motorola	1
disk.	1
It's	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
almost	1
pathetic	1
though.	1
It	1
would	1
be	1
nice	1
if	1
they	1
included	1
instructions!	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Cigerette	1
Lighter	1
Adapter	1
CLA-60.	1
Not	1
the	1
correct	1
battery..	1
I	1
ordered	1
a	1
replacement	1
battery	1
for	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6555	1
and	1
this	1
was	1
the	1
battery	1
that	1
came	1
up	1
in	1
the	1
search.	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
promptly.	1
It	1
charges	1
quickly	1
and	1
keeps	1
the	1
phone	1
going	1
much	1
longer	1
than	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Li-Ion	1
Extended	1
Main	1
Battery	1
did.	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
close	1
my	1
windows	1
and	1
turn	1
down	1
my	1
radio	1
a	1
bit	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
they	1
could	1
hear	1
me.	1
Sony	1
Headphone	1
and	1
Headset	1
Adapter.	1
After	1
I	1
tried	1
it,	1
I	1
bought	1
one	1
for	1
all	1
of	1
my	1
employees	1
I'm	1
very	1
pleased.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
might	1
work	1
sometimes	1
it	1
won't.	1
Initially	1
when	1
I	1
opened	1
the	1
box	1
it	1
was	1
very	1
impressive.	1
Somethings	1
aren't	1
too	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true!	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
decent	1
choice	1
for	1
someone	1
who	1
is	1
wanting	1
a	1
very	1
basic	1
phone	1
to	1
talk	1
on.	1
Of	1
course	1
I'd	1
never	1
try	1
to	1
do	1
it	1
on	1
purpose,	1
but	1
say	1
you're	1
walking	1
and	1
the	1
wire	1
from	1
your	1
headphone	1
gets	1
caught	1
on	1
something.	1
The	1
keyboard	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
of	1
average	1
quality	1
but	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
Windows	1
Mobile	1
6	1
at	1
the	1
current	1
time.	1
This	1
is	1
worthless	1
phone.	1
Palm	1
Leather	1
Belt	1
Clip.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
through	1
the	1
install	1
twice,	1
it	1
stopped	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
the	1
first	1
time.	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
looking	1
into	1
Samsung	1
or	1
LG.	1
did	1
not	1
make	1
this	1
clear	1
in	1
the	1
listing	1
originally.	1
Very	1
happy	1
to	1
have	1
found	1
this..	1
Comes	1
with	1
a	1
screen	1
protector	1
and	1
a	1
wipe	1
cloth.	1
Considering	1
the	1
area	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
it	1
has	1
exceptional	1
reception.	1
I	1
had	1
already	1
download	1
the	1
software	1
from	1
the	1
internet	1
prior	1
to	1
purchasing	1
the	1
cable.	1
does	1
not	1
sync.	1
Both	1
of	1
mine	1
broke	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
of	1
use.	1
I	1
priced	1
this	1
item	1
at	1
diferent	1
shops	1
in	1
the	1
area	1
and	1
couldn't	1
have	1
gotten	1
a	1
better	1
deal.	1
Brand	1
-	1
Motorola	1
-	1
famous	1
for	1
cell	1
phones.4.	1
I	1
would	1
get	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
only	1
needed	1
it	1
for	1
indoors.	1
I've	1
heard	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
use	1
DL-5	1
batteyr	1
instead	1
of	1
DL-4	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
phone,	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
increases.	1
Only	1
complaint	1
is	1
the	1
led	1
light	1
is	1
so	1
bright,that	1
it	1
is	1
blinding	1
when	1
using	1
at	1
night	1
It	1
refused.	1
I	1
tried	1
several	1
different	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
that	1
my	1
friends	1
have,	1
most	1
noteably	1
the	1
Motorola	1
HS850	1
and	1
H700.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
worse	1
so	1
far.	1
I'm	1
reasonably	1
computer	1
literate,	1
and	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
the	1
CD	1
and	1
software	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
terrible.	1
Despite	1
the	1
poor	1
quality	1
of	1
photos	1
I	1
still	1
give	1
it	1
5	1
stars	1
because	1
I	1
think	1
it's	1
that	1
good.	1
A	1
simpler	1
interface	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
better,	1
in	1
my	1
opinion.My	1
last	1
complaint	1
is	1
the	1
time	1
it	1
takes	1
to	1
actually	1
answer	1
a	1
call	1
with	1
the	1
device.	1
DIDNT	1
FIT	1
QUITE	1
RIGHT.	1
Each	1
night	1
I	1
take	1
the	1
days	1
battery	1
out	1
and	1
replace	1
with	1
the	1
extra.	1
Big	1
disappointment.	1
Great	1
phone,	1
better	1
than	1
blackberry.	1
The	1
Treos	1
look	1
nice	1
and	1
all,	1
but	1
I	1
want	1
a	1
12	1
button	1
keypad	1
to	1
make	1
my	1
phone	1
call.	1
I	1
use	1
Cingular	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
my	1
phone.	1
They	1
just	1
said	1
our	1
signal	1
is	1
too	1
weak	1
to	1
boost.	1
This	1
prevents	1
that	1
by	1
hiding	1
the	1
cord	1
well	1
behind	1
the	1
end	1
table,	1
so	1
that	1
it's	1
easy	1
to	1
take	1
on	1
and	1
off.	1
Poorly	1
designed.	1
Rename	1
mp3	1
to	1
3gp,	1
copy	1
to	1
micro-sd,	1
then	1
copy	1
back	1
to	1
phone	1
memory.What	1
really	1
killed	1
the	1
deal	1
for	1
me	1
was	1
the	1
reception	1
though.	1
Unfortunately,	1
you	1
could	1
not	1
use	1
some	1
of	1
these	1
features	1
in	1
the	1
U.S.	1
The	1
buttons	1
are	1
big.	1
Hopefully,	1
I	1
won't	1
have	1
to	1
resort	1
to	1
buying	1
the	1
bulky	1
Jawbone...	1
Simply	1
amazing	1
The	1
service	1
with	1
Sprint	1
at	1
least	1
in	1
all	1
the	1
places	1
I	1
have	1
gone	1
thus	1
far	1
has	1
been	1
FANTASTIC!!	1
NOT	1
for	1
all	1
Nextel	1
phones	1
as	1
advertised..	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
Motorola	1
Nextel	1
i880	1
and	1
the	1
data	1
cable	1
would	1
not	1
fit.	1
Adds	1
more	1
thunderous	1
punch	1
to	1
the	1
low	1
frequencies	1
of	1
music	1
and	1
boy	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
feature.	1
Turned	1
it	1
on....5	1
bars!!!!	1
What	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
considered	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
uses	1
a	1
very	1
small,	1
very	1
lightweight,	1
li-ion	1
battery,	1
which	1
some	1
reviewers	1
may	1
not	1
be	1
used	1
to.	1
I	1
sent	1
them	1
back	1
and	1
requested	1
more	1
and	1
they	1
were	1
worse.	1
I'm	1
considering	1
buying	1
a	1
Samsung	1
again.	1
It's	1
a	1
5	1
keystroke	1
process	1
to	1
turn	1
on	1
bluetooth	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
then	1
you	1
have	1
pair	1
up	1
with	1
the	1
headset	1
-	1
a	1
2-step	1
process	1
-	1
it's	1
a	1
royal	1
pain.	1
The	1
quality	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
seems	1
to	1
hold	1
the	1
phone	1
securely.	1
So	1
after	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
investigating,	1
I	1
discovered	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
8MB	1
of	1
internal	1
memory	1
most	1
of	1
which	1
is	1
used	1
by	1
trial	1
applications.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
adding	1
BT	1
to	1
hackintosh.	1
I	1
realize	1
that	1
it	1
could	1
be	1
just	1
a	1
single	1
defective	1
one,but,	1
of	1
the	1
three	1
other	1
reviews,	1
only	1
one	1
person	1
out	1
of	1
four	1
of	1
us	1
recommended	1
this	1
cord.	1
Very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
it.	1
Good	1
sound	1
quality,	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
mute	1
works	1
well	1
and	1
these	1
have	1
far	1
outlasted	1
several,	1
much	1
more	1
expensive	1
headsets	1
I've	1
owned	1
previously.	1
Those	1
of	1
you	1
with	1
this	1
cradle	1
know	1
what	1
I	1
mean.	1
Would	1
definitely	1
protect	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
accidental	1
drops	1
and	1
other	1
scuffs	1
and	1
scrapes.	1
Cingular	1
has	1
reliable	1
service!.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
back	1
up	1
and	1
it's	1
not	1
even	1
good	1
for	1
that.	1
Title	1
says	1
it	1
all.	1
Follow	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
battery-extending	1
advice	1
you	1
can	1
find.	1
It's	1
very	1
flimsy,	1
too	1
Doesn't	1
work	1
for	1
my	1
purposes.	1
I	1
expected	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
start	1
on	1
fire	1
or	1
blow	1
up	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
I	1
paid.	1
Manufacturers	1
are	1
putting	1
better	1
and	1
better	1
chips	1
into	1
phones	1
but	1
I	1
think	1
they're	1
running	1
up	1
against	1
the	1
realities	1
of	1
very	1
tiny	1
optics.	1
I	1
just	1
received	1
a	1
used	1
e316	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great...	1
it	1
even	1
has	1
a	1
color	1
external	1
LCD	1
(pics!!)	1
sound	1
system	1
is	1
so	1
bad,it	1
fell	1
off	1
the	1
ear	1
when	1
you	1
swet,joggoing,or	1
running.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
actually	1
for	1
the	1
L7c...	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
shipped	1
to	1
me	1
was	1
for	1
the	1
L7...	1
buyers	1
be	1
careful,	1
it	1
may	1
not	1
be	1
worth	1
your	1
time	1
or	1
money.	1
I've	1
dropped	1
my	1
on	1
the	1
pavement	1
at	1
least	1
half	1
a	1
dozen	1
times	1
and	1
once	1
had	1
to	1
snap	1
it	1
back	1
together	1
after	1
what	1
looked	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
fatal	1
plummet.	1
Case	1
OK	1
-	1
Could	1
be	1
better	1
since	1
it	1
is	1
OEM..	1
The	1
Case	1
fits	1
tight	1
and	1
gave	1
me	1
problems	1
by	1
pressing	1
the	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
side.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
since	1
the	1
first	1
day	1
I	1
got	1
it.	1
Great	1
service.	1
I	1
did,	1
got	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
case	1
for	1
$2.99	1
and	1
FREE	1
shipping.	1
I'm	1
on	1
my	1
3rd	1
battery.	1
Texting	1
is	1
slow.	1
This	1
battery	1
charges	1
and	1
holds	1
up	1
very	1
well.	1
2.	1
can	1
barley	1
hear	1
the	1
caller	1
at	1
the	1
highest	1
valume.	1
I	1
suppose	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
Slow	1
Inet	1
Acess.	1
The	1
unit	1
constantly	1
sticks	1
in	1
the	1
cradle	1
and	1
sometimes	1
causes	1
minor	1
difficulties	1
in	1
getting	1
a	1
good	1
sync.	1
This	1
item	1
works	1
as	1
anticipated.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
this	1
phone	1
cannot	1
do	1
is	1
make	1
my	1
coffee	1
in	1
the	1
morning.	1
Another	1
drawback	1
is	1
that	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
drained	1
quickly.	1
The	1
SDA	1
has	1
those	1
problems	1
plus	1
a	1
poor	1
reaction	1
time	1
when	1
leaving	1
and	1
entering	1
coverage	1
areas.	1
The	1
phone	1
seams	1
to	1
never	1
correctly	1
clip	1
in.	1
Started	1
the	1
search	1
for	1
CHARGER	1
FOR	1
BLUETOOTH	1
HEADSET	1
CAR	1
CHARGER	1
FOR	1
MOTOROLLER	1
H710	1
and	1
the	1
item	1
ended	1
in	1
the	1
search	1
result	1
as	1
compatible.	1
Don't	1
Buy	1
for	1
Blackberry.	1
The	1
original	1
stays	1
in	1
and	1
pops	1
out	1
when	1
you	1
press	1
it's	1
top.	1
data	1
cable.	1
Everything	1
else	1
works	1
e.g.	1
You	1
can't	1
beat	1
that!	1
I	1
figured	1
that	1
the	1
Motorola	1
T305	1
couldn't	1
be	1
any	1
good	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
low	1
price	1
and	1
the	1
size.	1
Results	1
were	1
really	1
good	1
for	1
me.	1
Fell	1
apart	1
within	1
2	1
weeks.	1
My	1
phone	1
was	1
shutting	1
off	1
randomly	1
even	1
with	1
a	1
battery	1
that	1
was	1
indicated	1
to	1
be	1
fully	1
charged.	1
Product	1
Great	1
but	1
Seller	1
is	1
Shady.	1
Little	1
plastic	1
bit	1
broke	1
off	1
the	1
spool,	1
so	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
retract	1
fully	1
any	1
more.	1
The	1
description	1
of	1
this	1
product	1
should	1
make	1
it	1
very	1
clear	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
cannot	1
disable	1
the	1
auto-reverse,	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
this!	1
It	1
is	1
great	1
if	1
you	1
can't	1
afford	1
blue	1
tooth.	1
Get	1
one	1
like	1
the	1
above	1
Motorola.	1
Headset	1
Problems	1
and	1
then	1
some.	1
The	1
new	1
battery	1
does	1
not	1
last	1
even	1
one	1
day.	1
your's	1
might	1
be	1
different.	1
In	1
January	1
of	1
2007,	1
the	1
headset	1
stopped	1
working	1
as	1
I	1
was	1
making	1
a	1
call.	1
Great	1
Phone.	1
This	1
tape	1
adapter	1
is	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
Check	1
ur	1
cell	1
phone	1
specs	1
and	1
BT	1
version.	1
I	1
was	1
really	1
excited	1
that	1
it	1
came	1
with	1
an	1
Audio	1
Streamer	1
allowing	1
it	1
to	1
hook	1
up	1
to	1
pretty	1
much	1
any	1
device.	1
After	1
a	1
2	1
week	1
wait,	1
it	1
arrived.	1
I	1
would	1
just	1
skip	1
it.	1
a	1
little	1
bigger	1
than	1
i	1
expected,	1
but	1
not	1
bad	1
at	1
all!	1
I	1
asked	1
a	1
question	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
answered	1
by	1
the	1
next	1
day.	1
Get	1
what	1
you	1
paid	1
for.	1
Battery	1
is	1
good,	1
at	1
least	1
5	1
hours.	1
About	1
the	1
only	1
really	1
useful	1
feature	1
is	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
back	1
up	1
your	1
phone	1
data	1
to	1
your	1
PC	1
in	1
case	1
you	1
ever	1
need	1
to	1
transfer	1
it	1
to	1
another	1
phone.	1
On	1
the	1
first	1
press,	1
the	1
ringer	1
volume	1
is	1
displayed	1
(i.e.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
own	1
the	1
A120s	1
Bluetooth	1
adapter	1
and	1
it	1
shorted	1
out.	1
This	1
is	1
why	1
I	1
am	1
looking	1
into	1
returning	1
it.	1
rock	1
and	1
roll!!	1
--	1
and	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
so	1
much	1
that	1
I	1
got	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
husband!	1
The	1
windscreen	1
is	1
great	1
too	1
for	1
the	1
microphone.	1
He	1
is	1
decent	1
with	1
electronics	1
and	1
even	1
he	1
was	1
not	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
description	1
or	1
lack	1
of	1
tips	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
difficulties.	1
Wonderful	1
product.	1
In	1
addition	1
to	1
this,	1
dust	1
accumulates	1
in	1
both	1
the	1
front	1
screen	1
and	1
the	1
inside	1
screen.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
mine	1
for	1
3	1
weeks	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
paint	1
chipping	1
or	1
keypad	1
damage.	1
Gets	1
hot	1
in	1
use	1
and	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
cheaply	1
made.	1
genuine	1
Motorals	1
battery.	1
At	1
full	1
price,	1
I'd	1
still	1
be	1
annoyed	1
but	1
probably	1
would've	1
bought	1
the	1
battery	1
anyways	1
because	1
I	1
needed	1
one.So	1
far	1
it's	1
working	1
fine.	1
But	1
beware,	1
neither	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
companies	1
appears	1
to	1
care	1
much	1
about	1
their	1
customers.	1
the	1
text	1
messaging	1
is	1
pretty	1
easy,	1
it	1
spells	1
out	1
the	1
word	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
it	1
to.	1
It	1
only	1
took	1
2	1
days	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
battery.	1
An	1
incorrect	1
cable	1
was	1
sent	1
and,	1
over	1
the	1
last	1
3	1
weeks	1
I've	1
been	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
correct	1
cable.	1
Better	1
technology	1
and	1
quality	1
can	1
be	1
bought	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
this	1
junk.	1
I	1
would	1
totally	1
recomend	1
them!!!	1
fit	1
for	1
elephant's	1
ears!!.	1
I'm	1
ordering	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
with	1
the	1
clip.	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
a	1
big	1
city	1
and	1
i	1
dont	1
get	1
reception	1
in	1
my	1
own	1
house.	1
But	1
mine	1
hardly	1
ever	1
crashes.	1
Which	1
they	1
do.	1
This	1
headset	1
wouldn't	1
be	1
allowed	1
in	1
Guantanamo	1
Bay.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
doing	1
okay	1
for	1
me	1
granted	1
i've	1
only	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days.	1
"Aside	1
from	1
that,	1
everything	1
else	1
is	1
great	1
Delivered	1
in	1
a	1
timely	1
manner.	1
I	1
have	1
download	1
the	1
latest	1
software	1
updates	1
and	1
it	1
fixes	1
some	1
things	1
but	1
has	1
caused	1
other	1
random	1
problems.	1
The	1
last	1
statement	1
doesn't	1
apply	1
to	1
the	1
Nokia	1
6101	1
though.	1
They	1
may	1
luck	1
out,	1
and	1
get	1
a	1
battery	1
that	1
works	1
well	1
at	1
a	1
bargain	1
price,	1
or	1
they	1
may	1
wind	1
up	1
with	1
one	1
that	1
has	1
little	1
or	1
no	1
ability	1
to	1
hold	1
a	1
charge.	1
Great	1
case	1
for	1
the	1
Katana	1
DLX.	1
MP3s	1
and	1
pictures	1
are	1
stored	1
on	1
the	1
included	1
half	1
gig	1
memory	1
card.	1
Excellent	1
case!!.	1
The	1
first	1
Dash	1
didn't	1
work	1
so	1
my	1
T-Mobile	1
business	1
rep	1
ordered	1
a	1
replacement	1
as	1
a	1
buyer's	1
remorse""	1
so	1
I'd	1
get	1
NEW	1
equipment	1
and	1
not	1
refurbished."	1
It	1
really	1
is	1
nice,	1
fits	1
phone	1
perfect,	1
and	1
is	1
durable.	1
The	1
phone	1
fit	1
like	1
a	1
glove.	1
I	1
haven't	1
used	1
that	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
seven	1
months.	1
This	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
even	1
come	1
with	1
a	1
standard	1
ringtone.	1
ratcheting	1
swivel	1
Belt	1
holster	1
for	1
motorola	1
razr	1
v3.	1
Very	1
Uncomfortable.	1
of	1
conversation.	1
Shipping	1
was	1
very	1
fast.	1
Good	1
phone,	1
needs	1
a	1
couple	1
"adjustments".	1
And	1
it	1
doesn't	1
take	1
a	1
while	1
for	1
the	1
scratches	1
to	1
appear.	1
I	1
always	1
felt	1
like	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
pull	1
the	1
2	1
portions	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
apart.	1
Defective	1
or	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
Sanyo	1
RL-7300.	1
Comfortable	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
the	1
clarity	1
of	1
sound	1
is	1
truly	1
excellent.	1
This	1
is	1
very	1
annoying	1
and	1
something	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
experienced	1
with	1
any	1
of	1
my	1
other	1
cell	1
phones	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
over	1
the	1
years.	1
this	1
was	1
recommended	1
to	1
me.	1
Thats	1
where	1
my	1
happiness	1
ends.	1
Biggest	1
complaint	1
is	1
no	1
WI-FI3.	1
BEWARE	1
-	1
What	1
a	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
cannot	1
listen.....	1
What	1
a	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
cannot	1
listen	1
what	1
other	1
person	1
is	1
saying.	1
I've	1
lost	1
2	1
of	1
the	1
earpieces	1
and	1
am	1
lucky	1
ive	1
still	1
got	1
the	1
3rd.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
beacuse	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
switch	1
the	1
earpice	1
with	1
2	1
Bluetooth	1
phones,	1
a	1
Cingluar	1
8525	1
and	1
a	1
i875,	1
constantly.	1
Even	1
after	1
opening	1
the	1
facemask	1
they	1
still	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
in	1
a	1
car.	1
BlueTooth	1
means	1
no	1
more	1
paying	1
for	1
ringtones	1
or	1
wallpapers.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
shout	1
in	1
order	1
for	1
them	1
to	1
hear	1
me.	1
It	1
is	1
rechargable	1
with	1
a	1
pretty	1
standard	1
charger	1
and	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
one.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
my	1
T-Mobile	1
Wing	1
for	1
about	1
5	1
weeks	1
now,	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
use	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
T720.	1
It	1
would	1
then	1
reset	1
and	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
cell	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
available	1
from	1
Samsung	1
for	1
5.95	1
I	1
believe.	1
The	1
RAZR	1
came	1
with	1
like	1
3	1
times	1
as	1
many	1
AND	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
standard	1
non-music	1
ringtones.	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
cheap.	1
I	1
work	1
12	1
hrs	1
shifts	1
taking	1
calls	1
continuously	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
used.	1
I	1
will	1
then	1
follow	1
up	1
with	1
a	1
law	1
suit	1
against	1
this	1
company	1
for	1
selling	1
a	1
false	1
product	1
under	1
false	1
pretence.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
headset.	1
Great	1
purchase,	1
arrived	1
quickly	1
and	1
have	1
been	1
used	1
with	1
no	1
complaints	1
by	1
my	1
staff	1
with	1
very	1
little	1
adjustment	1
period.	1
O	1
well	1
maybe	1
I	1
can	1
get	1
half	1
my	1
money	1
back	1
on	1
ebay.	1
Even	1
from	1
the	1
beginning	1
the	1
battery	1
case	1
wouldn't	1
stay	1
shut	1
until	1
I	1
taped	1
it	1
down	1
and	1
now	1
three	1
months	1
later	1
the	1
headset	1
broke	1
down.	1
Drops	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
calls.	1
I	1
can't	1
believe	1
it	1
already	1
broken	1
in	1
just	1
one	1
week!!	1
Forget	1
having	1
to	1
seek	1
out	1
a	1
WiFi	1
hotspot	1
that	1
may,	1
or	1
may	1
not,	1
be	1
an	1
encrypted	1
pay-as-you	1
go	1
arrangement.	1
Unwilling	1
to	1
admit	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
incapable	1
of	1
actually	1
doing	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
do.	1
Does	1
the	1
job.	1
And	1
the	1
Company	1
doesn't	1
specify	1
their	1
return	1
policy	1
online-	1
hmmmm	1
wonder	1
why....	1
Garbage.	1
GREAT	1
PRODUCT	1
AND	1
SERVICE!!!!!.	1
No	1
more	1
hunting	1
for	1
pay	1
phones.	1
I	1
purchased	1
two,	1
and	1
the	1
other	1
one	1
was	1
the	1
same	1
flawed	1
design.	1
Trust	1
me,	1
it's	1
not.	1
It	1
seems	1
to	1
me	1
that	1
the	1
mechanism	1
is	1
very	1
weak.	1
i	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
annoyed	1
that	1
I	1
spent	1
[alot	1
of	1
money]	1
on	1
a	1
phone	1
and	1
still	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
out	1
and	1
buy	1
a	1
car	1
charger.	1
I	1
previously	1
owned	1
a	1
Plantronics	1
645	1
which	1
I	1
liked	1
quite	1
well,	1
but	1
it	1
came	1
time	1
for	1
a	1
replacement.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
three	1
other	1
types	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
THE	1
BEST!!	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
is,	1
everytime	1
I	1
use	1
it,	1
my	1
customer	1
asks	1
me	1
if	1
I'm	1
talking	1
to	1
them.	1
Excellent	1
battery.	1
sure	1
it	1
fit	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
battery	1
listed	1
and	1
thus	1
not	1
the	1
battery	1
i	1
purcahsed.	1
However,	1
this	1
item	1
contains	1
a	1
major	1
design	1
flaw.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
tougg	1
to	1
apply	1
but	1
MUCH	1
easier	1
than	1
the	1
Zagg	1
I	1
put	1
on	1
my	1
wife's	1
iPad.	1
I	1
will	1
highly	1
recommend	1
Verizon	1
Wireless	1
with	1
a	1
Droid	1
phone	1
any	1
day.	1
Not	1
the	1
correct	1
Skin.	1
Works	1
Great,	1
But	1
Read	1
the	1
Specs!.	1
YOU	1
HAVE	1
BEEN	1
WARNED.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
allow	1
the	1
freedom	1
to	1
flow	1
between	1
hands	1
free	1
and	1
not...	1
I	1
hate	1
that.	1
where	1
do	1
you	1
put	1
the	1
card?.	1
I	1
have	1
6	1
of	1
these	1
devices.	1
I	1
followed	1
the	1
directions	1
for	1
installation	1
meticulously.	1
If	1
I	1
kept	1
my	1
iphone	1
in	1
a	1
belt	1
case	1
it	1
would	1
probably	1
be	1
just	1
enough.On	1
top	1
of	1
this,	1
I	1
experienced	1
the	1
opposite	1
of	1
what	1
some	1
users	1
have	1
written.	1
Palm	1
Tx	1
wall	1
charger.	1
But,	1
it	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
N71,	1
and	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
any	1
Samsung.I	1
hate	1
to	1
say	1
this	1
but	1
I	1
guess	1
Nokia	1
is	1
so	1
mean	1
to	1
its	1
customers.	1
many	1
times	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
actually	1
rang	1
thru	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
recieve	1
a	1
call	1
it	1
was	1
either	1
choppy	1
or	1
dropped	1
all	1
together.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
every	1
day.	1
If	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
take	1
hours	1
to	1
send	1
or	1
recieve	1
a	1
message,	1
it	1
took	1
days,	1
or	1
maybe	1
didn't	1
even	1
come	1
at	1
all.	1
Want	1
to	1
clear	1
up	1
some	1
complaints.	1
Buttons	1
are	1
manageable.	1
Where	1
they	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
transferred	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
those	1
features.	1
RINGING	1
--	1
not	1
the	1
little	1
set	1
of	1
tones	1
you	1
get	1
when	1
there's	1
an	1
incoming	1
call,	1
but	1
the	1
ringing	1
you	1
get	1
when	1
you're	1
calling	1
someone.	1
My	1
first	1
full	1
charge	1
lasted	1
for	1
over	1
10	1
days.	1
Jabra	1
Gels.	1
The	1
standard	1
Razr	1
battery	1
was	1
a	1
always	1
a	1
dud.	1
Get	1
the	1
2.5mm	1
to	1
3.5	1
mm	1
adapter	1
at	1
Verizon	1
VHS25-35MM	1
for	1
4	1
bucks.	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
a	1
BT-110,	1
which	1
uses	1
a	1
AAA	1
cell	1
that	1
has	1
much	1
longer	1
life	1
and	1
can	1
be	1
removed	1
for	1
recharge	1
and/or	1
replacement.	1
However,	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
vigorously	1
for	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
remain	1
pleased.	1
I.e.,	1
daytime,	1
evening.	1
It	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
holder.Regards.	1
Also	1
the	1
design	1
is	1
cumbersome.	1
Works	1
well	1
with	1
the	1
LG	1
VX8300	1
Phone-Volume	1
a	1
little	1
low....	1
These	1
headphones	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
the	1
LG	1
VX8300	1
Cell.	1
My	1
A500	1
sounded	1
more	1
like	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
in	1
your	1
home,	1
where	1
the	1
E317	1
sounds	1
like	1
you	1
are	1
talking	1
to	1
someone	1
through	1
the	1
computer.6.	1
They	1
secured	1
themselves	1
around	1
my	1
ear	1
pretty	1
well	1
and	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
feel	1
they	1
were	1
too	1
big.	1
He	1
takes	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
calls	1
for	1
our	1
company	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
dispatches	1
them	1
out	1
on	1
the	1
2-way	1
radio	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
After	1
some	1
testing,	1
I	1
determined	1
that	1
the	1
battery	1
no	1
longer	1
goes	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
8	1
1/2	1
minutes	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
Only	1
good	1
news	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
sounds	1
pretty	1
good	1
as	1
a	1
basic	1
headset	1
thought	1
a	1
little	1
quiet..	1
Final	1
opinion	1
a	1
big	1
waste	1
of	1
$120	1
+	1
tax.	1
It	1
looks	1
nice	1
and	1
fits	1
well.This	1
is	1
the	1
protection	1
you	1
need	1
for	1
your	1
Note	1
to	1
help	1
keep	1
it	1
safe	1
in	1
everyday	1
use.	1
Highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
I	1
didn't	1
give	1
it	1
5	1
stars	1
is	1
because	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
it	1
the	1
other	1
day	1
&	1
there	1
must	1
be	1
something	1
that	1
bugs	1
me	1
that	1
I	1
haven't	1
found	1
yet!	1
It	1
took	1
several	1
attempts	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
working.	1
I	1
was	1
opening	1
mail.	1
short-lived	1
excitement.	1
It	1
fits	1
the	1
phone	1
perfectly,	1
and	1
even	1
leaves	1
appropriate	1
holes	1
for	1
the	1
ports,	1
LCD	1
screen,	1
plugs,	1
lights,	1
microphone,	1
speaker,	1
etc.	1
This	1
screen	1
is	1
HUGE	1
and	1
the	1
color	1
is	1
exceptionally	1
well!	1
its	1
been	1
out	1
for	1
several	1
months,	1
so	1
the	1
price	1
has	1
dropped	1
alot.	1
It	1
will	1
keep	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
safe	1
from	1
being	1
knocked	1
around	1
and	1
dropping	1
it.	1
solid	1
product	1
-	1
works	1
wonderfully.	1
sound	1
should	1
be	1
lounder!!.	1
And	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
option	1
of	1
downloading	1
any	1
song	1
you	1
want...if	1
you	1
need	1
something	1
even	1
louder!	1
I	1
give	1
it	1
one	1
star	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
poor	1
quality.	1
New	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
headset.	1
Itchiness	1
and	1
all!EDIT	1
Jan	1
2,	1
2012When	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
price	1
was	1
around	1
$44.	1
The	1
noise	1
reduction	1
makes	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
better	1
when	1
using	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
than	1
when	1
just	1
using	1
the	1
handset.	1
I	1
needed	1
reception	1
near	1
my	1
computer	1
and	1
near	1
my	1
bed	1
and	1
I	1
placed	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
simple	1
systems	1
in	1
each	1
of	1
the	1
rooms	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
well.	1
great	1
product.	1
It	1
worked	1
great,	1
had	1
no	1
complaints	1
from	1
anyone	1
about	1
the	1
reception	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end.	1
simple	1
and	1
nice	1
-	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
product	1
-	1
I	1
do	1
reccommend	1
it	1
based	1
on	1
my	1
purchase	1
-	1
thanks.	1
This	1
has	1
"Skype	1
certified"	1
on	1
it,	1
so	1
I	1
thought	1
I'd	1
be	1
in	1
luck.	1
It's	1
easy	1
to	1
wear	1
on	1
your	1
ear	1
and	1
forget	1
it's	1
there.	1
After	1
reading	1
the	1
reviews	1
here,	1
I	1
decided	1
against	1
buying	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
batteries.	1
Good	1
idea,	1
but	1
too	1
impractical..	1
While	1
looking	1
pretty	1
cool	1
in	1
the	1
abscence	1
of	1
a	1
&quot;case&quot;	1
this	1
clip	1
is	1
simply	1
not	1
practical.	1
I'd	1
say	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
time	1
to	1
deal	1
with	1
such	1
a	1
complicated	1
phone	1
just	1
because	1
it	1
looks	1
good,	1
then	1
do	1
it.	1
doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
function	1
for	1
Vibrate	1
and	1
Ringer.	1
While	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
device	1
available	1
at	1
this	1
time.	1
I'm	1
diggin'	1
it!.	1
I	1
really	1
looked	1
forward	1
to	1
using	1
it;	1
sort	1
of	1
put	1
a	1
damper	1
on	1
buying	1
refurbished	1
items.	1
I'm	1
not	1
a	1
technically	1
inclined	1
person	1
so	1
it	1
is	1
simple	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
really	1
liked	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
served	1
me	1
well	1
though	1
constant	1
use	1
and	1
abuse.	1
Thanks	1
Plantronic	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
GREAT	1
BUY!	1
Using	1
it	1
when	1
playing	1
GT5	1
online.	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
disposable	1
cell,	1
this	1
cell	1
has	1
a	1
lifetime	1
of	1
3	1
month,	1
i	1
got	1
to	1
buy	1
another	1
cell.	1
I'd	1
pass	1
on	1
this	1
one	1
at	1
any	1
price.	1
Not	1
worth	1
it,	1
try	1
another.	1
Decent	1
Bluetooth	1
For	1
The	1
Money.	1
It	1
is	1
EXTREMELY	1
light	1
and	1
somewhat	1
slimmer	1
than	1
my	1
original	1
batter	1
which	1
makes	1
carrying	1
my	1
phone	1
around	1
with	1
me	1
much	1
nicer.	1
Great	1
quality.	1
The	1
BH-800	1
understands	1
my	1
commands	1
closer	1
to	1
90%	1
on	1
the	1
first	1
try	1
and	1
99%	1
on	1
the	1
second	1
try.The	1
JX10	1
was	1
comfortable	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
without	1
the	1
earloop.	1
Sorry,	1
Motorola,	1
nice	1
try	1
though.	1
So	1
they	1
referred	1
me	1
to	1
take	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
Verizon	1
store	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
bought	1
it.	1
High	1
quality	1
sticky	1
substance	1
ensures	1
that	1
the	1
label	1
stays	1
stuck	1
on	1
the	1
packaging.	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
known	1
that	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
problems	1
with	1
being	1
a	1
pioneer,	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
end	1
up	1
with	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
arrows	1
in	1
your	1
back.	1
Glad	1
we	1
found	1
this	1
old	1
buddy	1
reasonably.	1
This	1
greedy	1
company	1
does	1
not	1
even	1
wait	1
for	1
you	1
to	1
activate	1
your	1
phone.	1
It	1
came	1
as	1
described	1
and	1
works	1
fine.	1
Where	1
other	1
phone	1
works	1
fine,	1
this	1
shows	1
0	1
signals	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
lemon,	1
but	1
I	1
sent	1
it	1
back	1
and	1
just	1
got	1
a	1
reg.	1
I'm	1
very	1
disappointed	1
that	1
this	1
problem	1
exists	1
when	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
ordered	1
through	1
Amazon.	1
I'd	1
been	1
trying	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
Palm	1
III	1
in	1
the	1
hospital	1
for	1
a	1
year	1
with	1
only	1
minimal	1
success.	1
There	1
are	1
not	1
enough	1
adjustments	1
to	1
fit	1
it	1
properly	1
to	1
the	1
ear.4th.	1
It	1
was	1
right	1
there	1
at	1
Amazon,	1
the	1
first	1
place	1
I	1
go	1
to	1
now.	1
Anyway,	1
immediately	1
after	1
the	1
incident	1
I	1
parted	1
ways	1
with	1
cingular	1
and	1
vow	1
to	1
never	1
ever	1
again	1
try	1
them	1
out.	1
Absolutely	1
great	1
picture,sound	1
quality.The	1
phone	1
is	1
great.There	1
is	1
no	1
problem	1
with	1
signal	1
too.	1
DON'T	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE!!!!!!!!.	1
We	1
bought	1
a	1
Sansa	1
MP3	1
player	1
for	1
about	1
50	1
bucks	1
less	1
than	1
these	1
and	1
he	1
used	1
that	1
for	1
music	1
instead	1
of	1
his	1
phone.	1
(I	1
used	1
to	1
apply	1
vinyl	1
graphics	1
to	1
glass	1
in	1
my	1
career,	1
so	1
I	1
know	1
how	1
to	1
do	1
this	1
stuff...)	1
and	1
this	1
was	1
just	1
awful.	1
Overall	1
the	1
phone	1
isn't	1
too	1
bad...BUT...the	1
volume	1
is	1
horrible.	1
Simply	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
time	1
or	1
money.	1
When	1
I	1
need	1
handsfree	1
the	1
most,	1
driving	1
in	1
a	1
car,	1
the	1
850	1
lets	1
me	1
down	1
hard.	1
The	1
dealer	1
is	1
posting	1
a	1
misleading	1
advertisement.	1
I	1
would	1
try	1
out	1
a	1
less	1
than	1
expensive	1
model	1
before	1
purchasing	1
one	1
with	1
the	1
hefty	1
price	1
tag.	1
The	1
flip	1
face	1
place	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
add	1
on	1
to	1
the	1
Versio	1
phone.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
less	1
than	1
one	1
foot	1
away,	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
Did	1
it	1
and	1
got	1
an	1
email	1
stating	1
they	1
had	1
received	1
it	1
and	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
would	1
be	1
shipped	1
to	1
me.	1
Very	1
crisp	1
and	1
clear	1
lcd	1
screen.	1
Unfortunately,	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
a	1
lemon.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
wretched.	1
The	1
audio	1
levels,	1
both	1
incoming	1
and	1
outgoing	1
were	1
fine	1
on	1
the	1
AT&amp;T	1
phone.	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Battery.	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
readjust	1
every	1
time.	1
I	1
received	1
my	1
bluetooth	1
so	1
excited.	1
In	1
my	1
previous	1
review,	1
below,	1
I	1
said	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
battery.	1
I	1
sent	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
back	1
to	1
T-Mobile	1
after	1
it	1
kept	1
freezing	1
on	1
me	1
(just	1
like	1
a	1
computer	1
freezes)	1
and	1
they	1
gave	1
me	1
a	1
refurbished	1
unit	1
in	1
exchange.	1
I	1
installed	1
some	1
pocket-pc	1
games	1
that	1
keep	1
me	1
entertained	1
in	1
some	1
lazy	1
times.	1
In	1
my	1
opinion,	1
this	1
case	1
isn't	1
made	1
well	1
enough	1
to	1
trust	1
putting	1
an	1
expensive	1
headset.	1
While	1
pulling	1
out	1
the	1
plug	1
the	1
ear	1
bud	1
broke	1
off.	1
The	1
title	1
says	1
it	1
all.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
whether	1
It	1
has	1
reached	1
its	1
lifetime	1
operation	1
limit	1
or	1
not,	1
but	1
what	1
am	1
I	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
18	1
months	1
or	1
so	1
still	1
remaining	1
in	1
the	1
contract?	1
Good	1
ear	1
piece.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
and	1
the	1
ONLY	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
driving	1
in	1
a	1
convertible	1
that	1
I	1
found.	1
It's	1
a	1
simple,	1
sturdy,	1
phone	1
that	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
charges	1
quickly.	1
Returned	1
the	1
item.	1
This	1
thing	1
rocks!	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
7	1
years	1
now,	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
extended	1
warranty	1
and	1
had	1
them	1
exchanged	1
3x	1
until	1
I	1
finally	1
got	1
something	1
else.	1
Mine	1
was	1
actually	1
the	1
exception	1
-	1
and	1
even	1
then,	1
the	1
sound	1
was	1
not	1
great,	1
more	1
like	1
"barely	1
intelligible".	1
Ease	1
of	1
use	1
is	1
a	1
easy.	1
Xtra	1
I	1
think	1
are	1
10	1
per	1
day.20	1
/30/50/100	1
top	1
cards	1
for	1
when	1
you	1
run	1
out	1
minutes.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend.	1
When	1
I	1
gave	1
my	1
zip	1
code,	1
it	1
says	1
the	1
service	1
is	1
not	1
available	1
in	1
my	1
area.	1
Very	1
clear,	1
very	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
If	1
you	1
wear	1
glasses	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
like	1
I	1
do,	1
this	1
headset	1
will	1
not	1
be	1
comfortable	1
for	1
you.	1
My	1
old	1
battery	1
doesn't	1
last	1
long	1
eventhough	1
it	1
is	1
fully	1
charged	1
so	1
I	1
thought	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
Also,	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
T-Mobile,	1
their	1
prices	1
and	1
their	1
costumer	1
service.	1
I	1
just	1
don't	1
want	1
to	1
seem	1
pretentious,	1
walking	1
around	1
with	1
this	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
all	1
day.	1
Of	1
all	1
technology	1
I	1
have	1
purchased	1
over	1
several	1
years	1
has	1
been	1
(at	1
least	1
in	1
my	1
case)	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
most	1
useful	1
items	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Unlike	1
AT&T;	1
and	1
other	1
wireless	1
vendors,	1
Cingular	1
has	1
not	1
released	1
BlackberryOS	1
4.x	1
so	1
integration	1
with	1
BES	1
4.0	1
is	1
very	1
limited.	1
Works	1
well	1
with	1
no	1
trouble.Only	1
thing	1
keeping	1
it	1
from	1
a	1
5	1
star	1
rating	1
was	1
the	1
label.	1
This	1
Phone	1
Sucks!.	1
There	1
are	1
plenty	1
of	1
information	1
websites	1
(news,	1
weather,	1
sports,	1
entertainment	1
ect.)	1
plastic	1
on	1
case	1
tore	1
when	1
phone	1
inserted.	1
When	1
it's	1
done	1
charging	1
the	1
LED	1
goes	1
solid	1
blue,	1
which	1
can	1
light	1
up	1
a	1
dark	1
room,	1
so	1
charging	1
it	1
on	1
your	1
nightstand	1
can	1
be	1
a	1
bit	1
annoying.	1
The	1
next	1
headphones	1
I	1
tried	1
were	1
the	1
Samsung	1
SBH600	1
headphones	1
and	1
they	1
had	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
wire	1
also.	1
I	1
am	1
roamming	1
between	1
Portland	1
OR,	1
Seattle	1
WA,	1
and	1
Los	1
Angles	1
CA.	1
Disapointed	1
that	1
this	1
product	1
doesn't	1
charge	1
I-Pod.	1
Other	1
people	1
say	1
I	1
sound	1
good	1
from	1
their	1
end,	1
but	1
to	1
me	1
they	1
sound	1
somewhat	1
muffled.	1
very	1
cool,	1
use	1
with	1
laptop	1
and	1
phone.	1
Sounds	1
like	1
a	1
tunnel.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
to	1
anyone!	1
If	1
you	1
go	1
furhter	1
than	1
3	1
ft,	1
you	1
still	1
start	1
hearing	1
some	1
noise.	1
WELL	1
WE	1
TRIED	1
VERIZON	1
AND	1
OUR	1
PHONES	1
WOULD	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
UNTIL	1
WE	1
DROVE	1
A	1
MILE	1
INTO	1
TOWN.	1
One	1
of	1
the	1
reasons	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
for	1
the	1
MP3	1
player.	1
Before	1
you	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
Verizon,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
warn	1
you	1
-	1
the	1
picture	1
transfer	1
and	1
mp3/ringtone	1
transfer	1
are	1
disabled.	1
This	1
is	1
just	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for.	1
didn't	1
work.	1
T610	1
not	1
just	1
showing	1
zero	1
'bars',	1
T610	1
DOESN'T	1
WORK.Not	1
sure	1
Why	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
is	1
making	1
our	1
life	1
difficult	1
by	1
selling	1
this	1
useless	1
product.	1
This	1
device	1
does	1
not	1
transmit	1
over	1
the	1
weakest	1
radio	1
stations.2.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
I've	1
owned.	1
The	1
bluetooth	1
would	1
disconnect	1
after	1
every	1
call.	1
You	1
won't	1
be	1
disappointed.	1
My	1
wife's	1
30	1
GB	1
5th	1
Generation	1
IPOD	1
finally	1
lost	1
it's	1
battery.	1
THATS	1
JUST	1
HAWT!	1
I	1
have	1
already	1
used	1
this	1
item	1
several	1
times.	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
a	1
Delphi	1
XM	1
radio	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
no	1
problems.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
the	1
voyage	1
520	1
and	1
now	1
the	1
510	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
either	1
one.	1
There	1
was	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
sweat	1
but	1
that	1
is	1
what	1
sports	1
armband	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
endure.	1
Secure	1
fit	1
-	1
when	1
you	1
nod	1
or	1
shake	1
your	1
head,	1
you	1
don't	1
want	1
to	1
feel	1
the	1
headset	1
wiggling	1
around	1
or	1
shifting	1
its	1
position.	1
If	1
you	1
think	1
you'll	1
have	1
no	1
use	1
for	1
the	1
camera	1
then	1
I	1
suggest	1
you	1
find	1
something	1
less	1
expensive.	1
SUB-STANDARD.	1
Overall	1
it's	1
been	1
great,	1
besides	1
not	1
only	1
was	1
it	1
free	1
but	1
I	1
will	1
get	1
$50	1
from	1
AT&T!	1
I	1
expect	1
the	1
same	1
of	1
this	1
one.	1
It	1
isn't	1
a	1
"reception"	1
issue	1
either	1
as	1
there	1
is	1
nothing	1
different	1
in	1
the	1
reception	1
of	1
my	1
house	1
or	1
anywhere	1
else	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
this	1
phone.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
case!	1
Not	1
so	1
"Smart"	1
phone!.	1
It	1
was	1
also	1
reported	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
take	1
abuse	1
and	1
there	1
were	1
sites	1
on	1
the	1
web	1
that	1
demonstrated	1
survival	1
from	1
abuse.	1
Overall	1
great	1
phone.	1
just	1
kidding.it	1
has	1
bluetooth,	1
push	1
to	1
talk,	1
and	1
the	1
much	1
talked	1
about	1
EVDO.	1
disappointing.	1
The	1
Visor	1
Platinum	1
was	1
in	1
my	1
price	1
range	1
so	1
I	1
purchased	1
that.	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
headset.	1
This	1
phone	1
worked	1
pretty	1
well	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
few	1
days	1
and	1
then	1
started	1
to	1
display	1
the	1
error	1
message	1
"Please	1
insert	1
SIM	1
card".	1
When	1
I	1
saw	1
this,	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
rate	1
it...	1
on	1
my	1
5th	1
one!.	1
this	1
case	1
looks	1
cool,	1
but	1
I	1
warn	1
you,	1
the	1
magnetic	1
snap	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
very	1
well	1
and	1
my	1
sidekick	1
slipped	1
out	1
into	1
a	1
toilet,	1
destroying	1
the	1
phone!	1
I	1
switched	1
my	1
plan	1
that	1
day	1
over	1
to	1
the	1
.18/min	1
deal.For	1
anybody	1
thinking	1
about	1
the	1
$.../month	1
plans,	1
please	1
beware.	1
Just	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
affordable	1
does	1
not	1
mean	1
it	1
works.	1
Then	1
returned	1
it	1
by	1
US	1
postal	1
at	1
my	1
expense.	1
Someone	1
will	1
call	1
back	1
in	1
an	1
hour.	1
Head	1
set	1
looks	1
great!!	1
I	1
decided	1
the	1
system	1
was	1
disappointing,	1
and	1
dismantled	1
the	1
installation.	1
A	1
friend	1
sitting	1
next	1
to	1
me	1
said	1
that	1
she	1
didnt	1
even	1
notice	1
that	1
there	1
was	1
a	1
case	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
thought	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
option	1
because	1
the	1
Nokia	1
brand	1
cable	1
was	1
$50.00.	1
Phone	1
is	1
well	1
protected	1
on	1
all	1
sides,	1
case	1
envelopes	1
phone	1
and	1
petrudes	1
about	1
1.5mm	1
above	1
glass.	1
Perfect,	1
for	1
a	1
Multimedia	1
Message.	1
The	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
save	1
all	1
the	1
work	1
you	1
have	1
done	1
to	1
the	1
"drafts".	1
Just	1
cool	1
looking	1
phone.	1
This	1
is	1
just	1
awful.	1
perfect	1
brand	1
new	1
phone-but	1
BEWARE.	1
The	1
only	1
negative	1
part	1
about	1
the	1
ISkin	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
is	1
not	1
stirty	1
at	1
all	1
and	1
you're	1
essentially	1
paying	1
$30.00	1
for	1
a	1
piece	1
rubber.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
after	1
looking	1
at	1
several	1
generic	1
chargers.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
very	1
disappointed	1
in	1
this	1
item.	1
It	1
tries	1
to	1
do	1
everything	1
but	1
ends	1
up	1
doing	1
nothing	1
well.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
say	1
this	1
unless	1
it	1
was	1
truly	1
awful.	1
The	1
standby	1
time	1
is	1
70	1
hours,	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
constantly	1
charging.	1
Tracfone	1
has	1
a	1
'refer	1
a	1
friend'	1
program	1
that	1
will	1
give	1
each	1
of	1
100	1
free	1
minutes.	1
I	1
recieved	1
the	1
battey	1
in	1
a	1
timely	1
mannor.	1
)So	1
I	1
still	1
came	1
out	1
ahead	1
over	1
paying	1
$16	1
or	1
more	1
to	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
for	1
one..	1
This	1
little	1
fella	1
will	1
be	1
lost	1
or	1
broken	1
within	1
a	1
month,	1
I	1
virtually	1
guarantee	1
you.	1
This	1
problem	1
occured	1
even	1
I	1
put	1
the	1
iPod	1
Touch	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
next	1
to	1
each	1
other.	1
Excesssive	1
useless	1
botton	1
and	1
features	1
such	1
as	1
repeated	1
"my	1
music/	1
my	1
photos	1
/	1
T-zone,"	1
etc.6.	1
It's	1
a	1
nice	1
looking	1
phone	1
that's	1
very	1
customizable.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
original	1
charger	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
I'm	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
That	1
was	1
the	1
event	1
that	1
drove	1
me	1
to	1
send	1
the	1
first	1
unit	1
back.	1
Does	1
the	1
Verizon	1
calling	1
plan	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
have	1
a	1
roaming	1
charge?.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
headset	1
but	1
after	1
trying	1
it	1
out	1
once	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
used	1
it	1
again.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
what	1
happened	1
box.	1
When	1
it	1
was	1
closed	1
it	1
was	1
too	1
smooth	1
to	1
flip	1
open	1
with	1
one	1
hand.	1
Antenna	1
Review.	1
Underneath	1
the	1
black	1
coating	1
is	1
a	1
silver	1
metallic	1
cover	1
that	1
makes	1
the	1
scratches	1
very	1
obvious.	1
Does	1
the	1
job.	1
Also	1
my	1
phone	1
showed	1
up	1
slightly	1
defective	1
(Samsung	1
Eternity)	1
and	1
I	1
called	1
Amazon	1
and	1
they	1
shipped	1
me	1
another	1
right	1
away.	1
At	1
most	1
it	1
will	1
stay	1
on	1
my	1
head	1
for	1
10	1
minutes.	1
battery	1
was	1
never	1
charged	1
up	1
properly,	1
for	1
some	1
reason,	1
the	1
charging	1
went	1
out	1
by	1
itself	1
occasionally.	1
The	1
tmobile	1
GPRS/Edge	1
is	1
slower	1
than	1
my	1
granny	1
on	1
her	1
scooter,	1
but	1
at	1
least	1
it	1
goes	1
further.	1
It	1
truly	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
user	1
friendly	1
product	1
that	1
works	1
great.	1
So	1
they're	1
definitely	1
there	1
the	1
next	1
time	1
around.	1
I	1
take	1
care	1
of	1
my	1
phone	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
believe	1
these	1
phones	1
stopped	1
working	1
through	1
any	1
fault	1
of	1
mine.	1
However,	1
this	1
one	1
died	1
very	1
quickly.	1
The	1
screen	1
temporarily	1
goes	1
white	1
and	1
sometimes	1
it	1
takes	1
up	1
to	1
7-10	1
seconds	1
for	1
a	1
letter	1
to	1
show	1
up	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
(while	1
texting).	1
If	1
they	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
Cingular	1
or	1
ATT,	1
I	1
would	1
take	1
it	1
in	1
a	1
minute.	1
Simply	1
not	1
good.	1
I	1
almost	1
always	1
need	1
to	1
recharge	1
the	1
headset	1
every	1
other	1
night	1
or	1
sometimes	1
every	1
night.	1
Aside	1
from	1
fact	1
that	1
it's	1
a	1
snug	1
fit,	1
making	1
insertion/extraction	1
a	1
little	1
harder	1
than	1
you'd	1
like	1
(for	1
recharging)	1
-	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
welcome	1
accessory.	1
I	1
find	1
the	1
buttons	1
no	1
smaller	1
or	1
harder	1
to	1
get	1
at	1
then	1
any	1
other	1
comparable	1
sized	1
phone.	1
Lately	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
popping	1
off	1
of	1
the	1
clip	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
has	1
been	1
dropping.	1
if	1
i	1
ever	1
get	1
it	1
will	1
make	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
rating.	1
I	1
threw	1
it	1
out.	1
I	1
like	1
especially	1
that	1
it	1
holds	1
my	1
blackberry	1
with	1
the	1
"skin"	1
on	1
it.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
money	1
to	1
invest	1
in	1
something	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
more	1
expensive	1
and	1
reliable,	1
do	1
so.	1
I	1
have	1
owned	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
years	1
now.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up.	1
Good	1
product,	1
great	1
value..	1
The	1
product	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
what	1
was	1
promised.	1
Gennum	1
NX6000	1
Bluetooth	1
2.0	1
Headset.	1
I	1
sent	1
it	1
back	1
for	1
a	1
Sony	1
over-the-head	1
headset.	1
Calls	1
to	1
Plantronics	1
tech	1
support	1
to	1
discuss	1
how	1
to	1
work	1
the	1
headset	1
properly	1
(since	1
the	1
directions	1
were	1
incorrect)	1
proved	1
to	1
be	1
mostly	1
useless.	1
So	1
small	1
it	1
just	1
sticks	1
to	1
your	1
ear,	1
with	1
no	1
wires	1
to	1
deal	1
with!	1
These	1
ear	1
pieces	1
were	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
into	1
the	1
ear	1
no	1
matter	1
what	1
size	1
I	1
tried.	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
my	1
second	1
charger	1
within	1
one	1
year.	1
Great	1
headset.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
volume	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
side,	1
but	1
I	1
am	1
able	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
'soft'	1
which	1
does	1
not	1
alow	1
you	1
to	1
adjust	1
it	1
from	1
the	1
outside.	1
I	1
lost	1
my	1
money	1
with	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
two	1
I	1
bought.	1
I	1
could	1
bend	1
over	1
and	1
move	1
around	1
and	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
feel	1
like	1
it	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
fall.	1
The	1
sound	1
of	1
MusicTones	1
was	1
also	1
very	1
good.	1
I	1
am	1
experiencing	1
intermittan	1
static	1
and	1
problems	1
pairing	1
this	1
device.	1
After	1
three	1
weeks	1
of	1
use,	1
my	1
phone	1
began	1
to	1
randomly	1
shut	1
itself	1
off.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
son	1
who	1
is	1
always	1
talking	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
which	1
worries	1
me	1
to	1
death.	1
The	1
battery	1
completely	1
failed	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
would	1
no	1
longer	1
take	1
a	1
charge.	1
Certainly	1
not	1
digital	1
camera	1
quality,	1
but	1
okay.As	1
other's	1
have	1
pointed	1
out,	1
the	1
casing	1
seems	1
flimsy.	1
My	1
previous	1
device	1
wasn't	1
loud	1
enough	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
in	1
loud	1
areas,	1
thus	1
making	1
it	1
restricted	1
to	1
quite	1
indoors.	1
Nice	1
and	1
samll	1
but	1
battery	1
died	1
on	1
this	1
replacment	1
headset	1
after	1
1	1
month,	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
died	1
after	1
3	1
months.	1
A	1
receptacle	1
slash	1
magnet	1
for	1
all	1
kinds	1
of	1
dust,	1
hair	1
and	1
debris.	1
The	1
best	1
part	1
about	1
this	1
Plantronics	1
headset/	1
charger	1
combination	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
headset	1
stays	1
connected	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
while	1
it's	1
in	1
the	1
charger.	1
Its	1
comfortable,	1
reliable,	1
and	1
I've	1
never	1
had	1
the	1
battery	1
die	1
on	1
a	1
call	1
ever.	1
Of	1
course	1
after	1
about	1
45	1
minutes,	1
your	1
ear	1
gets	1
a	1
bit	1
sweaty	1
and	1
the	1
unit	1
starts	1
to	1
slide.	1
Hopefully	1
they	1
hold	1
up	1
for	1
the	1
6+years	1
the	1
original	1
ones	1
did	1
!	1
Greed	1
is	1
a	1
horrible	1
thing.	1
Great	1
for	1
over	1
3	1
yrs	1
of	1
use..	1
I	1
have	1
owned	1
this	1
for	1
a	1
while	1
and	1
I	1
put	1
my	1
wallet	1
and	1
cell	1
in	1
this	1
bags	1
two	1
separate	1
pouches.	1
My	1
RAZR	1
fits	1
in	1
snugly	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
secure	1
if	1
dropped	1
(which	1
I	1
do	1
pretty	1
often).	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
item	1
early	1
in	1
'07.	1
Useful	1
but	1
not	1
best	1
thing	1
ever,	1
very	1
stylish.	1
Good	1
Phone,	1
Crazy	1
Over	1
Priced	1
with	1
Bad	1
Service	1
(NET10).	1
Motorola	1
service	1
unable	1
to	1
resolve.	1
Motorola	1
H	1
700	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
is	1
a	1
Winner.	1
Buyer	1
beware,	1
scams,	1
cheats,	1
and	1
liars	1
is	1
all	1
T-mobile	1
is	1
and	1
ever	1
will	1
be.	1
what,	1
exactly,	1
does	1
'unable	1
to	1
charge'	1
entail?	1
BTW,	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Motorola	1
KRZR	1
phone	1
-	1
about	1
3	1
years	1
old.	1
:)	1
I	1
seriously	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
anyone.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
need	1
the	1
data	1
plan,	1
and	1
have	1
that	1
blocked.	1
Small,	1
very	1
light,	1
but	1
very	1
staticy	1
with	1
Samsung	1
a940.	1
But,	1
living	1
in	1
New	1
York	1
City	1
or	1
a	1
very	1
big	1
and	1
heavy	1
populated	1
environment	1
i	1
doubt	1
you	1
will	1
ever	1
frequently	1
experience	1
a	1
dropped	1
call.	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
the	1
range	1
is	1
terrible.	1
This	1
was	1
confirmed	1
by	1
Cingular's	1
customer	1
service.	1
The	1
clearity	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
you	1
can	1
even	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
top	1
pocket	1
until	1
your	1
phone	1
ring	1
and	1
it	1
won't	1
bother	1
your	1
at	1
all.	1
You	1
need	1
a	1
simple	1
solution.	1
It's	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
I	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Not	1
recommended.	1
I	1
had	1
not	1
replaced	1
an	1
iPod	1
battery	1
before.	1
After	1
a	1
couple	1
months,	1
it	1
died	1
completely...	1
the	1
little	1
power	1
light	1
wouldn't	1
even	1
come	1
on.	1
The	1
rep	1
said	1
the	1
product	1
was	1
simply	1
meant	1
to	1
prevent	1
scratches	1
on	1
the	1
screen,	1
not	1
be	1
scratch	1
proof.	1
simple	1
and	1
nice	1
-	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
product	1
-	1
I	1
do	1
reccommend	1
it	1
based	1
on	1
my	1
purchase	1
-	1
thanks	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
limit	1
your	1
amount	1
of	1
talk	1
time	1
and	1
keep	1
the	1
battery	1
charged,	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
fine.	1
Very	1
prompt	1
delivery..	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
boyfriend	1
because	1
he	1
left	1
his	1
charger	1
at	1
my	1
place	1
when	1
he	1
visited	1
me.	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
ever	1
have	1
to	1
charge	1
your	1
phone	1
and	1
use	1
it	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time,	1
I	1
would	1
pay	1
the	1
extra	1
$	1
for	1
a	1
brand	1
name	1
charger.	1
You	1
can	1
Velcro	1
it	1
or	1
add	1
the	1
two	1
tabs	1
and	1
screw	1
it	1
in4.	1
Samsung	1
should	1
have	1
put	1
this	1
feature	1
on	1
the	1
volume	1
DOWN	1
button.	1
I	1
get	1
so	1
tired	1
of	1
the	1
cables	1
trying	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
my	1
computer	1
at	1
work.	1
As	1
soon	1
as	1
the	1
LED	1
blinks	1
once,	1
let	1
go.	1
As	1
others	1
have	1
pointed	1
out,	1
this	1
headset	1
produces	1
rather	1
low	1
volumes,	1
unless	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
cranked	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
way	1
up.	1
on	1
their	1
end.	1
Nice	1
leather.BUT,	1
IT	1
BROKED	1
after	1
2	1
days	1
of	1
use.	1
Another	1
drawback	1
is	1
file	1
size.	1
I	1
acquired	1
the	1
phone	1
at	1
7:00	1
PM	1
on	1
Thursday,	1
I	1
charged	1
it	1
over	1
night	1
for	1
12	1
hours	1
and	1
first	1
powered	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
at	1
8:00	1
AM	1
on	1
Friday.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
play	1
the	1
CD	1
all	1
at	1
once	1
from	1
beginning	1
to	1
end.	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
until	1
I'm	1
eligible	1
for	1
a	1
free	1
phone	1
or	1
I	1
can	1
switch	1
carriers	1
altogether.	1
Apparently	1
the	1
microphone	1
on	1
my	1
particular	1
headset	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
I	1
was	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
product.	1
I	1
would	1
definitely	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
anyone	1
looking	1
in	1
to	1
buying	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
They	1
also	1
worked	1
for	1
a	1
short	1
time	1
and	1
died.	1
(I	1
am	1
sure	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
operator	1
and	1
not	1
the	1
unit	1
itself).	1
Not	1
good	1
for	1
chopping,	1
like	1
you	1
would	1
with	1
bigger	1
knives	1
but	1
it	1
makes	1
up	1
In	1
other	1
areas.	1
Was	1
skeptical	1
when	1
buying	1
this	1
considering	1
it	1
had	1
mixed	1
reviews,	1
however	1
I	1
can't	1
say	1
I'm	1
not	1
pleased.	1
Poor	1
product,	1
worse	1
customer	1
support.	1
With	1
all	1
the	1
new	1
laws	1
regulating	1
driving	1
and	1
speaking	1
on	1
cell	1
phones	1
mandates	1
that	1
we	1
have	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
that	1
works	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Im	1
very	1
very	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
purchase!	1
Shouldn't	1
it	1
be	1
'hands-free'?!	1
I	1
am	1
happy	1
and	1
would	1
buy	1
another	1
one	1
if	1
need	1
arose.	1
Magnetic	1
catch	1
for	1
the	1
cover	1
is	1
great	1
-	1
much	1
handier	1
than	1
a	1
snap	1
or	1
velcro.	1
Each	1
email	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
individually	1
and	1
painfully	1
deleted	1
manually.	1
Has	1
everything!.	1
Overall	1
this	1
product	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
buy.	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
hardware	1
is	1
fine,	1
it's	1
the	1
software	1
that	1
makes	1
this	1
phone	1
difficult	1
to	1
use.	1
Nice	1
Case	1
but	1
Terrible	1
alignment!	1
Purchased	1
this	1
item	1
after	1
much	1
research.	1
),	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
perfectly.	1
Perfect	1
Fit!.	1
Also	1
they	1
charge	1
you	1
if	1
you	1
hit	1
any	1
button	1
by	1
accident	1
that	1
accesses	1
the	1
web.	1
The	1
WEP200	1
gives	1
you	1
three	1
different	1
sizes.4)	1
Price	1
-	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
cheapest	1
BT	1
headsets	1
around.	1
Great	1
case.	1
We	1
use	1
the	1
above	1
on	1
trips	1
when	1
we	1
are	1
RVing	1
or	1
when	1
we	1
are	1
going	1
somewhere	1
in	1
two	1
cars	1
and	1
want	1
to	1
communicate.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
size,	1
it	1
sounds	1
great	1
and	1
I	1
couldn't	1
be	1
happier	1
with	1
it.	1
And	1
the	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
at	1
all	1
anymore--with	1
or	1
without	1
the	1
goofy	1
battery	1
pack	1
hooked	1
on.	1
I	1
wasn't	1
expecting	1
a	1
lot	1
from	1
this	1
extremely	1
inexpensive	1
case,	1
but	1
I'm	1
very	1
impressed.	1
The	1
hardest	1
parts	1
were	1
opening	1
the	1
IPod	1
and	1
taking	1
out	1
the	1
battery.	1
I'd	1
heard	1
that	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
bad,	1
but	1
I	1
find	1
that	1
it's	1
fine.	1
Jabra	1
ear	1
gels	1
work	1
as	1
replacements,	1
but	1
the	1
unit	1
won't	1
fit	1
in	1
the	1
charger	1
with	1
the	1
gel	1
attached.	1
Now	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
because	1
it	1
costs	1
more	1
to	1
mail	1
this	1
thing	1
back	1
to	1
Minnesota	1
than	1
the	1
credit	1
that	1
will	1
be	1
issued.I	1
AM	1
VERY	1
FRUSTRATED	1
W/	1
SF	1
Planet	1
!!	1
Unfortunately,	1
the	1
fuse	1
is	1
not	1
replaceable	1
if	1
it	1
burns	1
out	1
because	1
the	1
charger	1
doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
screw	1
top.	1
Very	1
Satisfied.	1
I	1
purchased	1
$25	1
of	1
minutes	1
and	1
gave	1
hime	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
emergencies	1
(which	1
is	1
what	1
the	1
thing	1
is	1
for).	1
This	1
battery	1
do	1
not	1
work	1
like	1
as	1
realy	1
battery.	1
It's	1
even	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
Motorola	1
branded	1
case	1
that	1
I	1
exchanged	1
for	1
this	1
one.	1
If	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
were	1
spring	1
loaded	1
instead	1
of	1
just	1
a	1
prong,	1
it	1
would	1
have	1
earned	1
5	1
stars	1
from	1
me.	1
The	1
camera	1
has	1
spot	1
metering,	1
rapid	1
capture,	1
movie	1
capture,	1
multiple	1
resolution	1
settings,	1
etc.	1
I	1
lost	1
too	1
many	1
bluetooth	1
device	1
hang	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
tag	1
Listed	1
under	1
8525	1
accessories."	1
Great	1
product.	1
Just	1
too	1
many	1
problems.	1
In	1
fact,	1
I	1
couldn't	1
keep	1
it	1
on	1
without	1
constantly	1
adjusting	1
it.	1
Cable	1
connects	1
directly	1
to	1
phone	1
allowing	1
you	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
Nokia	1
Phone	1
tools,	1
contact	1
management	1
and	1
even	1
USB	1
mass	1
storage.	1
Mine	1
had	1
a	1
straight	1
cord,	1
instead	1
of	1
the	1
curly	1
cord	1
pictured	1
(didn't	1
matter	1
to	1
me	1
but	1
might	1
to	1
some).	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
a	1
month	1
ago	1
because	1
I	1
was	1
tired	1
of	1
having	1
bad	1
service	1
with	1
Nextel.	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
used	1
this	1
in	1
two	1
different	1
cars,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
perfect	1
-	1
you	1
can	1
have	1
the	1
USB	1
ports	1
(and	1
12V	1
ports,	1
if	1
needed)	1
where	1
you	1
need	1
them.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
I	1
order	1
one	1
from	1
eforcity.	1
In	1
day	1
light	1
and	1
outdoors	1
it	1
can	1
get	1
a	1
good	1
pictures,	1
with	1
good	1
color	1
and	1
sharpness.	1
But	1
the	1
best	1
feature	1
is	1
its	1
size.	1
Sometimes,	1
the	1
slightest	1
brush	1
will	1
produce	1
a	1
cornucopia	1
of	1
responses,	1
while	1
other	1
times	1
the	1
phone	1
simply	1
ignores	1
everything.	1
Sync	1
with	1
outlook	1
works	1
well,	1
does	1
what	1
I	1
need.Tip	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
digital	1
camera	1
for	1
almost	1
all	1
of	1
my	1
pictures	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
occasionally	1
use	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
one	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
tell	1
you	1
this	1
one	1
sucked.	1
VERY	1
average	1
phone	1
+	1
short	1
battery	1
life	1
=	1
2	1
star	1
phone.	1
Now	1
after	1
4	1
weeks	1
the	1
battery	1
barely	1
lasts	1
for	1
one	1
day	1
with	1
15	1
minutes	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
He	1
ended	1
up	1
needing	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
so	1
I	1
will	1
never	1
know	1
how	1
long	1
this	1
battery	1
would	1
have	1
lasted.	1
I	1
rate	1
the	1
cable	1
as	1
5	1
(but	1
I	1
already	1
had	1
a	1
cable)	1
and	1
the	1
software	1
as	1
0.	1
Good	1
but	1
fragile.	1
After	1
initial	1
failure,	1
follow	1
the	1
instructions	1
for	1
reapplication.	1
It's	1
a	1
bit	1
loose	1
of	1
connection	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
just	1
leave	1
it	1
where	1
it	1
is	1
it	1
works	1
fine.	1
Everything	1
about	1
this	1
phone	1
says	1
"class,"	1
except....	1
...the	1
battery.	1
Perfect	1
replacement	1
batteries.	1
The	1
voice	1
recognition	1
is	1
a	1
joke,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
it	1
3	1
or	1
4	1
times,	1
so	1
basically	1
you	1
could	1
of	1
manually	1
dialed	1
faster.	1
Fits	1
in	1
the	1
pocket,	1
picture	1
is	1
awesome	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
make	1
up	1
for	1
all	1
negatives.	1
Works	1
very	1
well.	1
I	1
can	1
text	1
all	1
day	1
long	1
without	1
the	1
battery	1
getting	1
low	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
have	1
up	1
to	1
3.5	1
hours	1
of	1
conversation.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
freedom	1
of	1
typing	1
in	1
a	1
phone	1
number	1
(like	1
I	1
would	1
when	1
placing	1
a	1
call)	1
and	1
using	1
a	1
select	1
menu	1
to	1
"send	1
text	1
message".	1
Sure	1
enough,	1
do	1
a	1
little	1
research	1
and	1
I	1
find	1
a	1
FACTORY	1
original	1
battery	1
on	1
Amazon	1
for	1
13.04.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
product	1
I've	1
bought	1
in	1
a	1
long	1
time!	1
DID	1
NOT	1
LAST	1
A	1
DAY.	1
Even	1
though	1
it	1
was	1
free,	1
I	1
was	1
hopeful	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
ok	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
device.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
product	1
because	1
Amazon	1
mentioned	1
that	1
this	1
remote	1
was	1
often	1
purchased	1
with	1
the	1
cube.	1
Great	1
to	1
use	1
at	1
home	1
or	1
in	1
a	1
car	1
to	1
charge	1
Ipod	1
shuffle,	1
don't	1
need	1
computer	1
anymore.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
it	1
served	1
it's	1
purpose	1
of	1
a	1
charger.	1
I	1
had	1
previously	1
last	1
phone	1
was	1
Nokia	1
6080	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
been	1
fan	1
of	1
Nokia.	1
As	1
a	1
in-car	1
speakerphone,	1
it	1
(naturally)	1
picks	1
up	1
road	1
noise,	1
etc.	1
Great	1
design,	1
great	1
produce,	1
great	1
sound,	1
great	1
video	1
playback.	1
I've	1
connected	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
Treo	1
680	1
and	1
Blackberry	1
Curve.	1
Get	1
ya	1
one..	1
Decent	1
Customer	1
Service.	1
It's	1
reception	1
is	1
poor.	1
It's	1
fine	1
if	1
I	1
sit	1
still	1
but	1
can	1
not	1
move	1
at	1
all	1
or	1
it	1
flies	1
off.	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
a	1
cradle	1
for	1
it	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
comment	1
on	1
that	1
but	1
it	1
slips	1
out	1
of	1
case	1
in	1
a	1
second	1
and	1
so	1
this	1
should	1
not	1
be	1
a	1
problem.	1
),	1
with	1
a	1
high	1
roof	1
line,	1
and	1
a	1
full	1
finished	1
basement.	1
I'm	1
very	1
unsatisfied.	1
It	1
came	1
in	1
real	1
handy	1
from	1
the	1
moment	1
I	1
first	1
had	1
it	1
until	1
I	1
switched	1
phones.	1
I	1
wear	1
my	1
phone	1
on	1
my	1
belt	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
sitting	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
with	1
the	1
headset	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
side	1
as	1
my	1
phone	1
it	1
will	1
shut	1
off	1
do	1
to	1
connection	1
loss.	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
filter	1
any	1
background	1
noise,	1
and	1
sounds	1
tinny	1
to	1
others.	1
It	1
met	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
expectations	1
of	1
the	1
razor	1
phone.	1
Janky,	1
but	1
useful	1
and	1
fun..	1
Make	1
your	1
own	1
ring	1
tones	1
and	1
save	1
files	1
from	1
your	1
phone.	1
In	1
designing	1
the	1
Treo	1
650,	1
palm	1
has	1
changed	1
everything	1
from	1
the	1
600.	1
Size	1
and	1
weight	1
are	1
about	1
right.2.	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
at	1
first	1
until	1
about	1
two	1
weeks	1
later	1
when	1
it	1
started	1
having	1
problems.	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
from	1
an	1
authorized	1
dealer	1
and	1
went	1
on	1
vacation	1
for	1
a	1
month.	1
Come	1
on	1
in!.	1
*	1
Very	1
few	1
ringtone	1
choices	1
which	1
means	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
for	1
additional	1
ones.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
RAZR	1
and	1
the	1
voice	1
commands	1
are	1
great.	1
The	1
pop	1
port	1
is	1
a	1
rather	1
difficult	1
port	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place	1
requiring	1
considerable	1
manipulation	1
in	1
both	1
insertion	1
and	1
removal.	1
and	1
why,	1
sweet	1
love	1
of	1
mine,	1
why	1
is	1
it	1
that	1
you	1
decide	1
that	1
receiving	1
my	1
calls	1
is	1
something	1
to	1
do	1
only	1
on	1
your	1
whimsy?	1
Don't	1
mess	1
around,	1
just	1
buy	1
this	1
one..	1
There	1
is	1
an	1
overwhelming	1
amount	1
of	1
reviews	1
for	1
this	1
product.	1
Worked	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
then	1
stopped	1
for	1
no	1
reason.	1
Contacts	1
don't	1
stay	1
connected.	1
Experiencing	1
0	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
adapter.	1
Hard	1
to	1
fit	1
over	1
the	1
ear,	1
very	1
sensitive	1
center	1
button,	1
that	1
redials	1
when	1
you	1
barely	1
touch	1
it.	1
When	1
it	1
arrived	1
I	1
charged	1
it	1
up,	1
and	1
had	1
it	1
paired	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
within	1
minutes.	1
Great	1
performance	1
great	1
price.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
cheap	1
knock-off.	1
Nothing	1
comes	1
preconfigured.	1
That's	1
no	1
good	1
for	1
me	1
and	1
I'm	1
not	1
using	1
it.	1
If	1
the	1
unit	1
is	1
wired	1
correctly	1
it	1
will	1
resume	1
operation	1
and	1
the	1
batteries	1
will	1
recharge.	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
things	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
seems	1
like	1
most	1
headsets	1
are	1
like	1
that	1
now	1
except	1
one	1
I	1
found	1
by	1
Motorola	1
H710.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
my	1
husband	1
and	1
he	1
has	1
had	1
all	1
sorts	1
of	1
problems	1
with	1
it.	1
Im	1
quite	1
irritated!	1
I'm	1
very	1
pleased-	1
$109	1
with	1
shipping,	1
and	1
it's	1
everything	1
I	1
wanted.	1
Would	1
get	1
a	1
better	1
review	1
if	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
still	1
worked,	1
as	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
less	1
afraid	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
phone's	1
GPS,	1
which	1
runs	1
down	1
batteries	1
very	1
quickly.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent.	1
On	1
my	1
phone,	1
the	1
SLIGHTEST	1
touch,	1
will	1
enable	1
the	1
phone's	1
camera,	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
take	1
pictures.	1
Nokia	1
BL-5c-original	1
battery.	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
battery	1
and	1
thought	1
I	1
would	1
try	1
the	1
bigger	1
extended	1
battery.	1
Armband	1
too	1
small.	1
The	1
Jabra	1
sound	1
quality	1
wasn't	1
great	1
but	1
the	1
piece	1
was	1
durable	1
and	1
talk	1
time	1
reasonably	1
long.	1
Sound	1
quality,	1
style	1
and	1
ease	1
of	1
use	1
make	1
it	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
hands-free	1
device	1
out	1
there.	1
I	1
didn't	1
use	1
the	1
free	1
minutes	1
card	1
with	1
skype	1
yet.	1
What	1
can	1
I	1
say,	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
person	1
who	1
likes	1
people.	1
The	1
fit	1
is	1
fine	1
and	1
the	1
buttons	1
all	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
case	1
on	1
but	1
the	1
snaps	1
do	1
not	1
stay	1
closed	1
so	1
the	1
phone	1
falls	1
out	1
periodically.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
case	1
to	1
others.	1
neat.things	1
I	1
didnot	1
like	1
about	1
are:1)	1
ringer	1
volume	1
is	1
low.	1
The	1
size,	1
the	1
color,	1
the	1
feel,	1
all	1
really	1
nice!	1
Other	1
than	1
the	1
earpiece	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
everything	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
wanted.	1
The	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
very	1
clear.	1
Basically,	1
it	1
is	1
an	1
i730	1
in	1
a	1
smaller	1
package,	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
noticed	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
just	1
slightly	1
better	1
reception.	1
I	1
just	1
had	1
bigger	1
expectations	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Received	1
wrong	1
item.	1
Comfortable,	1
light	1
enough,	1
simple,	1
great	1
sound	1
and	1
a	1
great	1
value.	1
I	1
thought	1
surely	1
a	1
new	1
switch	1
would	1
be	1
available	1
(and	1
installing	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
snap,	1
literally,	1
into	1
the	1
unit's	1
switch	1
posts).	1
The	1
stereo	1
is	1
great.	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
Body	1
Glove	1
Radical	1
Case.	1
Great	1
signal	1
distance	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
operate.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
give	1
the	1
phone	1
2	1
stars	1
because	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
awesome	1
while	1
it	1
worked.	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
in	1
ear	1
design	1
would	1
be	1
uncomfortable,	1
but	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
I	1
stopped	1
noticing	1
it.	1
BE	1
CAREFUL	1
with	1
such	1
kinda	1
crook	1
sellers	1
My	1
experience	1
with	1
nextel	1
has	1
been	1
nothing	1
short	1
of	1
a	1
disaster	1
and	1
I	1
write	1
this	1
trying	1
to	1
warn	1
anyone	1
considering	1
nextel.	1
This	1
cell	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
lot	1
to	1
offer	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
blue	1
tooth.	1
It	1
can	1
be	1
a	1
bit	1
confusing	1
when	1
calls	1
are	1
coming	1
in	1
and	1
you	1
are	1
switching	1
from	1
call	1
to	1
call.	1
After	1
using	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
year	1
or	1
so,	1
I	1
can	1
safely	1
say	1
that	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
it	1
at	1
all.	1
Be	1
aware,	1
Roll	1
over	1
is	1
a	1
joke.	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
new	1
OS	1
4.5	1
for	1
BlackBerry.	1
I	1
generally	1
only	1
use	1
it	1
when	1
I'm	1
in	1
my	1
car,	1
not	1
when	1
I'm	1
walking	1
around.	1
Great	1
Compliment	1
to	1
Jawbone	1
2.	1
I	1
know	1
there	1
exist	1
better	1
earbuds.To	1
top	1
things	1
off,	1
for	1
some	1
reason	1
Jabra	1
decided	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
cord	1
lengths	1
of	1
each	1
earbud	1
different!	1
The	1
earpiece	1
got	1
so	1
bad	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
never	1
hear	1
what	1
the	1
person	1
was	1
saying	1
when	1
using	1
the	1
feature.	1
H700	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
Review.	1
The	1
v60	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
It	1
started	1
up	1
straight	1
way	1
and	1
hasn't	1
stopped	1
all	1
summer.	1
*The	1
controls	1
are	1
unwieldy	1
if	1
you	1
ask	1
me.	1
Money-sucking	1
device	1
(but	1
cute).	1
The	1
red	1
Palm	1
faceplate	1
looks	1
very	1
sharp	1
with	1
the	1
contrasting	1
black	1
back	1
and	1
cover.	1
Love	1
the	1
ring	1
tone	1
features.	1
First	1
the	1
sticker	1
placed	1
over	1
the	1
keyboard	1
that	1
tells	1
you	1
how	1
to	1
unfold	1
it	1
pulled	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
keys	1
off.	1
It	1
provides	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
of	1
cushion	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
protect	1
from	1
dings.	1
But	1
luckily,	1
I've	1
found	1
the	1
answer	1
to	1
that	1
it's	1
part	1
#	1
OEM	1
Carry	1
Pouch	1
with	1
Clip	1
-	1
SYN8848.	1
FM	1
radio	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
reception	1
is	1
excellent.3.	1
Nokia	1
said	1
they	1
would	1
void	1
my	1
warranty	1
if	1
I	1
were	1
to	1
change	1
cases.So,	1
ladies	1
and	1
gentlemen,	1
don't	1
end	1
up	1
like	1
me!!!	1
For	1
practicality	1
and	1
safety,	1
however,	1
this	1
case	1
can't	1
be	1
beat.	1
BlueAnt	1
Bluetooth	1
Speakerphone.	1
In	1
no	1
way	1
should	1
anyone	1
spend	1
any	1
money	1
on	1
this	1
cradle....not	1
even	1
a	1
peso.	1
The	1
volume	1
control	1
is	1
poor.	1
It	1
is	1
perfect	1
fit	1
on	1
my	1
samsung	1
SPH=M610.	1
Longer	1
than	1
my	1
3rd	1
Gen	1
iPod.	1
I	1
quickly	1
returned	1
this	1
item!	1
When	1
used	1
with	1
a	1
Cingular	1
data	1
plan	1
and	1
the	1
phone's	1
Bluetooth	1
or	1
USB	1
data	1
capability,	1
the	1
phone	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
as	1
a	1
wireless	1
modem	1
for	1
laptops	1
and	1
PDAs.	1
But	1
other	1
than	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
GREAT	1
phone.	1
it's	1
a	1
win/win!	1
But	1
I'm	1
sure	1
other	1
people	1
have	1
satisfactory	1
experiences	1
with	1
this	1
item.	1
It	1
is	1
less	1
than	1
$20,	1
so	1
I	1
can't	1
complain	1
too	1
much.	1
but	1
soon	1
as	1
i	1
got	1
a	1
feel	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
it	1
sort	1
of	1
grown	1
into	1
me.	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
their	1
website	1
([...])	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
I	1
intended	1
to	1
purchase	1
was	1
supported.	1
Lightweight	1
and	1
easy.	1
I	1
lease	1
my	1
car	1
so	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
eager	1
to	1
do	1
any	1
major	1
surgery	1
on	1
the	1
car	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
good	1
handsfree	1
set.	1
AC	1
charger	1
worked	1
for	1
three	1
and	1
a	1
half	1
weeks	1
before	1
the	1
connection	1
wore	1
out.	1
I	1
thought	1
small	1
was	1
good	1
but	1
not	1
for	1
a	1
phone.	1
2)	1
Insanely	1
bad	1
tech	1
support.	1
My	1
goals	1
were	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
comfortable	1
and	1
loud	1
bluetooth.	1
when	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
charge	1
your	1
headset	1
using	1
your	1
computer's	1
USB	1
port3.)	1
The	1
good:Fits	1
wellLooks	1
goodDecent	1
protectionThe	1
bad:Difficult	1
to	1
access	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
side.	1
Very	1
fast	1
shipping,	1
and	1
the	1
cable	1
works	1
great.	1
For	1
me,	1
it	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
worst	1
headsets	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Those	1
last	1
2	1
connect	1
with	1
a	1
solid	1
and	1
reassuring	1
'snap'	1
and	1
it's	1
a	1
tight	1
fit.	1
Ok,	1
so	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
works	1
and	1
is	1
relatively	1
comfortable,	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
very	1
good	1
battery	1
life	1
(for	1
occasional	1
car	1
use).Cons	1
And	1
the	1
problem	1
with	1
an	1
exchange	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
am	1
in	1
Africa	1
for	1
an	1
extended	1
time,	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
battery	1
mailed	1
to	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
then	1
she	1
forwarded	1
it	1
to	1
me.	1
I	1
was	1
skeptical	1
at	1
these	1
prices	1
but	1
I	1
ordered	1
3	1
motorola	1
accessories	1
from	1
bargaincell	1
and	1
they	1
were	1
all	1
authetic	1
Motorola	1
pieces.	1
(Catch	1
22	1
if	1
you	1
planned	1
on	1
using	1
your	1
phone	1
for	1
that.)	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
pouch	1
for	1
the	1
past	1
3	1
months	1
and	1
it's	1
great.	1
Seeing	1
future	1
events	1
on	1
the	1
calendar	1
is	1
a	1
basic	1
function	1
on	1
other	1
brand	1
phones.	1
Takes	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
to	1
boot5.	1
Phone	1
only	1
for	1
iPhone.	1
I	1
"upgraded"	1
to	1
this	1
unit	1
after	1
using	1
the	1
i90c	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
years,	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
much	1
prefer	1
having	1
my	1
old	1
phone	1
back.	1
Great	1
battery,	1
great	1
price.	1
If	1
there	1
is	1
even	1
a	1
slight	1
breeze,	1
the	1
microphone	1
picks	1
it	1
up.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
folding	1
on/off	1
option	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
tell	1
when	1
the	1
device	1
is	1
off.	1
I	1
was	1
originally	1
against	1
the	1
idea	1
of	1
combining	1
my	1
music	1
player	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
if	1
the	1
battery	1
last	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
they	1
claim	1
though.	1
Those	1
of	1
us	1
who	1
use	1
an	1
external	1
antenna	1
on	1
their	1
car	1
and	1
swear	1
by	1
them	1
will	1
find	1
this	1
Scuba	1
II	1
case	1
useless.	1
USELESS!!!!	1
!We	1
have	1
bought	1
two	1
handspring	1
PDAs	1
and	1
then	1
two	1
Handspring	1
Treo	1
PDA/Phones.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
really	1
bad.	1
Works	1
great,	1
costs	1
less.	1
TWO	1
SETS	1
OF	1
BATTERIES.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
see	1
who	1
was	1
calling	1
from	1
the	1
external	1
screen	1
and	1
at	1
times,	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
answer	1
itself.	1
I	1
have	1
looked	1
at	1
the	1
more	1
expensive	1
ones.	1
It	1
is	1
only	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
time.	1
they	1
sent	1
me	1
the	1
wrong	1
items	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
a	1
quick	1
email,	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
fixed,	1
got	1
the	1
right	1
ones	1
in	1
good	1
time,	1
they	1
fit	1
wonderfully!	1
Range	1
is	1
excellent,	1
too.Buy	1
this	1
headset!	1
It	1
was	1
hardly	1
noticeable,	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
light.	1
Robust	1
"vibrate"	1
mode5.	1
I	1
called	1
her	1
to	1
test	1
it	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
her	1
clearly	1
and	1
she	1
reports	1
she	1
can	1
hear	1
well	1
on	1
it	1
too.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
point	1
out	1
that	1
mine	1
did	1
not	1
come	1
with	1
a	1
Wrist	1
Carrying	1
Lanyard	1
as	1
described	1
in	1
the	1
Product	1
Features	1
section.	1
All	1
things	1
considered,	1
I'm	1
giving	1
it	1
a	1
5-star	1
rating,	1
which	1
I've	1
never	1
done	1
before.	1
You	1
can	1
also	1
assign	1
different	1
rings	1
to	1
each	1
person	1
in	1
your	1
address	1
book.	1
It's	1
only	1
when	1
I	1
just	1
start	1
playing	1
music,	1
but	1
it's	1
annoying	1
because	1
it	1
distorts	1
the	1
sound.	1
They	1
checked	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
returned	1
it	1
back	1
without	1
doing	1
anything	1
except	1
upgrade	1
the	1
software	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
hope	1
I	1
knew	1
this	1
earlier.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PRODUCT!	1
Amazing	1
product,amazing	1
price.	1
Worked	1
Great.	1
Depending	1
on	1
how	1
you	1
use	1
your	1
phone,	1
this	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
real	1
problem.	1
I	1
can't	1
use	1
this	1
phone	1
at	1
either	1
of	1
my	1
homes	1
or	1
offices	1
in	1
CA	1
or	1
NV	1
and	1
can't	1
use	1
it	1
when	1
I'm	1
driving,	1
so	1
what	1
good	1
is	1
it?!?!	1
It	1
is	1
what	1
they	1
advertised.	1
If	1
you	1
wear	1
it	1
on	1
your	1
belt	1
you	1
should	1
look	1
some	1
where	1
else.	1
I	1
think	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
paying	1
just	1
over	1
six	1
dollars	1
for	1
the	1
pair	1
of	1
them	1
with	1
shipping.	1
Great	1
battery	1
life.	1
I've	1
been	1
sending	1
them	1
emails	1
asking	1
about	1
the	1
status	1
for	1
months	1
now.	1
Poor	1
all	1
around.	1
So	1
I	1
tried	1
using	1
my	1
corded	1
phone.	1
It	1
was	1
very	1
light	1
like	1
the	1
others	1
said,	1
will	1
not	1
be	1
purchasing	1
again	1
from	1
this	1
company.	1
It	1
is	1
now	1
trash.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
little	1
guy.	1
It	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
put	1
on	1
and	1
very	1
uncomfortable.	1
Obviously	1
not	1
a	1
complicated	1
item	1
-	1
plug	1
it	1
in	1
and	1
it	1
works.	1
Verizon	1
could'nt	1
touch	1
this	1
price.	1
What	1
a	1
world	1
of	1
difference.	1
wife	1
loves	1
it.	1
Samsung	1
E315	1
is	1
indeed	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
phones	1
in	1
current	1
T-Mobile	1
lineup	1
as	1
of	1
March	1
2005.Pro's,1.	1
You	1
can't	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
it	1
is	1
in	1
the	1
pouch.	1
Very	1
happy.	1
This	1
evidence	1
leads	1
me	1
to	1
conclude	1
that	1
the	1
reception	1
problem	1
is	1
due	1
primarily	1
to	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
international	1
version.	1
Verizon	1
isn't	1
an	1
option	1
(not	1
available	1
in	1
my	1
area),	1
and	1
is	1
anyone	1
else	1
really	1
any	1
better?	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
perfect	1
for	1
use	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Wireless	1
Headset	1
best	1
thing.	1
it	1
WILL	1
crack!	1
They	1
also	1
*still*	1
haven't	1
gotten	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
car,	1
a	1
BMW.	1
I	1
live	1
close	1
enough	1
to	1
the	1
celltower	1
to	1
throw	1
a	1
rock	1
at	1
it,	1
and	1
my	1
service	1
is	1
horrible!	1
They	1
provide	1
passive	1
noise	1
reduction	1
and	1
great	1
sound.	1
It	1
could	1
use	1
a	1
sound	1
director	1
in	1
the	1
ear.	1
I	1
bout	1
it	1
this	1
item	1
for	1
my	1
Samsung	1
note	1
but	1
I	1
get	1
one	1
for	1
a	1
frkn	1
tablet	1
7inch	1
I	1
am	1
the	1
second	1
customer	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
situation.	1
I	1
was	1
delighted	1
to	1
finally	1
lose	1
it	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
buy	1
something	1
else	1
with	1
minimal	1
guilt.	1
It's	1
incredibly	1
annoying	1
and	1
I	1
can't	1
figure	1
out	1
any	1
purpose	1
it	1
would	1
serve.The	1
overall	1
length	1
is	1
simply	1
too	1
short.	1
Thankyou	1
Amazon.Com	1
and	1
CS50-SUB	1
Wireless	1
Headset	1
For	1
VoIP	1
Softphones.Sincerly	1
C.D.Contos	1
I	1
could	1
have	1
picked	1
one	1
up	1
from	1
the	1
store	1
the	1
same	1
day.	1
I	1
ordered	1
it	1
on	1
Amazon	1
and	1
installed	1
immediately	1
upon	1
receipt.	1
One	1
must	1
wonder	1
why	1
Samsung	1
chose	1
a	1
one-size-must-fit-someone	1
approach	1
to	1
this	1
style	1
of	1
headset.	1
Spend	1
some	1
money	1
and	1
buy	1
a	1
better	1
phone--you'll	1
be	1
glad.	1
2mb	1
doesn't	1
cut	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
camera	1
phone.	1
My	1
N800	1
has	1
slip	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
while	1
I	1
do	1
this,	1
it's	1
very	1
inconvenient	1
and	1
risky.	1
Good	1
range.	1
Well,	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
never	1
received	1
it.	1
Earpieces	1
also	1
sound	1
good	1
and	1
feels	1
durable.But	1
sturdy	1
cord	1
design	1
makes	1
is	1
uncomfortable.	1
That	1
can	1
be	1
expected	1
with	1
any	1
bluetooth	1
devices	1
I	1
think.	1
Okay,	1
call	1
me	1
cynical.	1
It's	1
a	1
great	1
headset	1
if	1
you	1
just	1
want	1
a	1
headset	1
to	1
look	1
cool,	1
but	1
for	1
people	1
like	1
me	1
who	1
actually	1
use	1
them,	1
it's	1
pure	1
junk.	1
A	1
couple	1
days	1
after	1
my	1
22nd	1
birthday	1
my	1
parents	1
and	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
the	1
sprint	1
store	1
to	1
get	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
It's	1
a	1
waite	1
Overall	1
I	1
give	1
it	1
4	1
stars	1
for	1
the	1
quality	1
and	1
use-ability.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
battery	1
for	1
over	1
2	1
years	1
and	1
it's	1
still	1
going	1
strong!	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
the	1
clip	1
that	1
slips	1
over	1
my	1
belt.	1
These	1
headphones	1
do	1
not	1
get	1
loud	1
enough	1
for	1
use	1
in	1
this	1
application.	1
You	1
can	1
buy	1
interchangeable	1
face	1
plates	1
for	1
it	1
or	1
leave	1
it	1
black.	1
The	1
thickness	1
of	1
the	1
leather	1
can	1
muffle	1
the	1
vibrating	1
alert	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
where	1
you	1
might	1
not	1
feel	1
it.	1
Excellent	1
Price	1
for	1
Product--Highly	1
Recommend!!!.	1
The	1
seller	1
sent	1
a	1
dead	1
battery,	1
and	1
called	1
his	1
voicemail,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
full,	1
seller	1
name	1
is	1
"VIBE	1
CELLULAR".	1
I	1
get	1
complaints	1
from	1
callers	1
about	1
the	1
sound	1
from	1
the	1
mic.I	1
am	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
replacement,	1
I	1
will	1
throw	1
these	1
away	1
when	1
I	1
find	1
it.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
Razor	1
V3xx	1
for	1
about	1
two	1
weeks	1
now.	1
It	1
malfunctioned	1
after	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
never	1
get	1
the	1
company	1
it	1
was	1
purchased	1
from	1
to	1
even	1
respond	1
to	1
me.	1
I	1
positioned	1
the	1
outdoor	1
antenna	1
on	1
the	1
peak	1
of	1
the	1
roof	1
where	1
I	1
get	1
a	1
good	1
cell	1
phone	1
signal.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
computer	1
with	1
built-in	1
bluetooth.	1
When	1
you	1
turn	1
the	1
car	1
off,	1
it	1
stops.	1
A	1
Must	1
Have.	1
The	1
case	1
snaps	1
onto	1
the	1
two	1
halves	1
of	1
the	1
RAZR	1
phone	1
--	1
skin-tight	1
--	1
and	1
holds	1
on	1
very	1
tightly.	1
I've	1
onlytested	1
it	1
to	1
100	1
ft.,	1
though	1
it	1
claims	1
300+	1
ft.	1
The	1
problem	1
with	1
those	1
is	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
used	1
the	1
line-in	1
feature,	1
you	1
could	1
not	1
use	1
the	1
bluetooth.	1
Not	1
a	1
big	1
deal	1
and	1
not	1
a	1
difficult	1
task.	1
It	1
only	1
takes	1
a	1
"snippet."	1
Overall	1
i	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
i	1
see	1
it's	1
not	1
offered	1
through	1
Amazon	1
anymore.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
product	1
unless	1
you	1
are	1
somehow	1
absolutely	1
certain	1
it	1
works	1
with	1
your	1
phone.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
but	1
I	1
can't	1
seem	1
to	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
time	1
to	1
answer	1
it.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
through	1
amazon	1
marketplace	1
from	1
"SF	1
Planet".	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
problems	1
registering.	1
The	1
item	1
arrived	1
broken.	1
Text,	1
ringtones,	1
etc.	1
I'm	1
happy	1
with	1
how	1
it	1
works,	1
except	1
perhaps	1
the	1
volume	1
level	1
is	1
not	1
too	1
high,	1
hence	1
the	1
4	1
stars	1
(but	1
who	1
goes	1
by	1
stars,	1
anyway).	1
When	1
people	1
call,	1
every	1
now	1
and	1
then	1
in	1
stead	1
of	1
ringing,	1
I	1
will	1
hear	1
pure	1
static	1
coming	1
from	1
the	1
phones	1
speaker.	1
I	1
suppose	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
so	1
great	1
for	1
heavy	1
users.3.	1
Now	1
that	1
my	1
second	1
pair	1
is	1
broken	1
they	1
no	1
longer	1
stay	1
on	1
my	1
ears	1
well.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent,	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
very	1
good.	1
The	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
place	1
to	1
attach	1
a	1
lanyard	1
so	1
I	1
hang	1
my	1
phone	1
near	1
my	1
window	1
in	1
my	1
apartment	1
where	1
I	1
get	1
6	1
bars	1
and	1
use	1
my	1
bluetooth.	1
Has	1
two	1
belt	1
loops	1
plus	1
a	1
spring	1
clip.	1
Doesn't	1
work	1
-	1
No	1
support.	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
NOT	1
adjustable.	1
This	1
blue	1
tooth	1
is	1
counterfeit.	1
If	1
you	1
schedule	1
recurring	1
events	1
(day,	1
week,month)	1
only	1
the	1
first	1
occurance	1
shows	1
on	1
the	1
calendar.	1
Arrived	1
broken.	1
I	1
think	1
Jabra	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
few	1
headset	1
manufacturers	1
that	1
make	1
such	1
a	1
wide	1
range	1
that	1
is	1
suitable	1
for	1
my	1
DUALphone	1
VOIP/DECT	1
cordless	1
phone.	1
I	1
already	1
owned	1
one	1
for	1
myself	1
and	1
I	1
pruchased	1
this	1
one	1
for	1
the	1
Wife.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
mp3	1
player.	1
The	1
first	1
cable	1
started	1
playing	1
highly	1
distorted	1
audio	1
after	1
only	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months;	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
by	1
partially	1
plugging	1
it	1
in.	1
Mechanical	1
issuesThe	1
keyboard	1
slider	1
would	1
slide	1
out	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
even	1
when	1
you	1
did	1
not	1
mean	1
for	1
it	1
to.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY.	1
My	1
phone	1
is	1
still	1
not	1
activated,	1
I	1
still	1
don't	1
have	1
my	1
old	1
number	1
transfered,	1
and	1
I've	1
wasted	1
7	1
hours	1
speaking	1
to	1
customer	1
reps.	1
I	1
thought	1
about	1
keeping	1
them	1
for	1
the	1
stand-alone	1
stereo	1
-	1
but	1
-	1
back	1
they	1
went.	1
Will	1
not	1
link	1
in	1
any	1
way	1
with	1
a	1
computer.This	1
worthless,	1
stupid	1
cable	1
is	1
just	1
an	1
expensive	1
charger.What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
money.Thomas	1
Blackmon	1
Also,	1
a	1
great	1
price	1
(under	1
$20.00);	1
beating	1
the	1
price	1
listed	1
at	1
PalmOne!	1
It	1
is	1
helpful	1
in	1
showing	1
you	1
that	1
the	1
adapter	1
has	1
fallen	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
power	1
outlet	1
again,	1
however.	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
take	1
any	1
beauty	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
phone	1
itself.	1
What	1
kind	1
of	1
company	1
is	1
this	1
who	1
treats	1
their	1
customers	1
with	1
such	1
suspicion?	1
It	1
had	1
deep	1
scratches	1
from	1
gardening	1
and	1
beating	1
the	1
lense	1
against	1
just	1
about	1
everything.	1
Every	1
other	1
unit	1
I've	1
owned	1
have	1
been	1
problematic.	1
Dealt	1
with	1
liars	1
and	1
wiseasses.First,	1
installed	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
primary	1
box	1
(XP	1
SP2)	1
with	1
both	1
a	1
generic	1
BTv1.1	1
adapter	1
and	1
then	1
the	1
IOGear	1
GBU321.	1
Nothing	1
happened.	1
Works	1
great	1
-	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
supposed	1
"OEM"	1
batteries..	1
Battery	1
works	1
great.	1
They	1
shipment	1
was	1
very	1
fast	1
and	1
it	1
product	1
was	1
wonderful.	1
I	1
am	1
forced	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
through	1
my	1
company.	1
Are	1
you	1
sure	1
this	1
is	1
what	1
you	1
need?.	1
I	1
plug	1
my	1
MP3	1
into	1
my	1
aux	1
jack	1
in	1
my	1
van	1
with	1
this	1
cable	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
perfect!	1
Great	1
Item	1
and	1
definitely	1
will	1
purchase	1
more	1
for	1
co-workers,	1
More	1
then	1
ample	1
enough.	1
All	1
i	1
can	1
say	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
small	1
phone,	1
perfect	1
size	1
for	1
woman,	1
and	1
picture	1
are	1
so	1
clear,	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
T610.	1
It	1
still	1
works	1
perfectly.	1
The	1
case	1
saved	1
my	1
phone	1
from	1
many	1
scratches	1
and	1
even	1
today	1
when	1
I	1
remove	1
the	1
case	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
new	1
as	1
the	1
day	1
one.	1
Ive	1
had	1
the	1
$260	1
items	1
for	1
two	1
weeks	1
from	1
Cingular.	1
Basically	1
the	1
service	1
was	1
very	1
bad.	1
I	1
keep	1
two	1
different	1
headsets	1
now,	1
one	1
for	1
normal	1
use	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
for	1
bicycling	1
or	1
windy	1
days	1
outside.	1
Its	1
very	1
flimsy	1
and	1
broke	1
off	1
after	1
3	1
months.	1
Great	1
headset	1
for	1
people	1
with	1
2	1
cellphones!!.	1
I	1
keep	1
having	1
to	1
get	1
replacement	1
phones,	1
I	1
lose	1
all	1
my	1
text	1
messages,	1
photos	1
and	1
ringtones	1
each	1
time.	1
I	1
spent	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
time	1
researching	1
different	1
models	1
from	1
different	1
companies	1
and	1
just	1
could	1
not	1
pass	1
up	1
the	1
great	1
deal	1
at	1
Amazon.	1
From	1
now	1
one	1
if	1
I	1
need	1
something	1
I	1
will	1
check	1
Amazon	1
first.	1
Samsung	1
has	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
with	1
the	1
Black	1
Jack.	1
The	1
headset	1
was	1
in	1
very	1
good	1
condition	1
and	1
wasnt	1
hard	1
at	1
all	1
to	1
connect	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
I	1
could	1
find	1
one	1
online	1
and	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
Great	1
sound,	1
deep	1
bass.	1
This	1
earset	1
worked	1
fine	1
in	1
areas	1
of	1
good	1
reception.	1
Best	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
All	1
of	1
these	1
failures	1
happened	1
within	1
the	1
last	1
week.	1
Unfortunately,	1
not	1
all	1
adapters	1
are	1
universal,	1
and	1
thus	1
this	1
one	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
Not	1
compatable	1
with	1
just	1
about	1
anything.	1
Why	1
doesn't	1
this	1
description	1
tell	1
how	1
long	1
the	1
cord	1
is?	1
Cheap	1
is	1
only	1
good	1
if	1
it	1
works.	1
Worked	1
fine.	1
As	1
a	1
phone,	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
too	1
difficult	1
to	1
handle,	1
and	1
I	1
much	1
prefer	1
a	1
smaller	1
and	1
more	1
functional	1
unit.	1
I	1
don't	1
use	1
voice	1
dialing.	1
Incoming	1
caller	1
and	1
appointment	1
announcements	1
are	1
played	1
at	1
a	1
very	1
low	1
level	1
of	1
volume	1
and	1
I	1
haven't	1
found	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
increase	1
this.	1
The	1
Voyager	1
510	1
has	1
all	1
of	1
this.	1
For	1
me	1
anyway.	1
MOTOROA	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
Is	1
an	1
Awesome	1
Cell	1
Phone..	1
MOTOROLA	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
cell	1
phone	1
is	1
awesome.	1
I	1
even	1
exchanged	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
phone,	1
and	1
the	1
new	1
phone	1
has	1
the	1
same	1
issue.	1
My	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
small	1
Samsung	1
flip.	1
They	1
turned	1
out	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
same	1
item.	1
I	1
wasn't	1
going	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
because	1
I	1
really	1
didn't	1
want	1
a	1
camera.	1
i	1
have	1
sence	1
invested	1
in	1
the	1
i530	1
and	1
love	1
it.	1
Motorola's	1
HS850	1
works	1
for	1
me....	1
The	1
HS850	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
BT	1
headset.	1
I	1
cannot	1
consider	1
buying	1
another	1
product	1
as	1
poorly	1
supported	1
as	1
this.	1
It	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
pain	1
with	1
the	1
reception	1
going	1
away	1
all	1
of	1
a	1
sudden	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
getting	1
turned	1
off	1
for	1
no	1
reason.	1
The	1
buttons	1
to	1
dial	1
the	1
number	1
are	1
so	1
small	1
you	1
actually	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
pen	1
device	1
to	1
"click"	1
on	1
them.	1
I	1
had	1
previous	1
Parrot	1
products,	1
so	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
one	1
with	1
high	1
hopes.	1
Once	1
you	1
sweat	1
on	1
them	1
the	1
volume	1
button	1
stops	1
working.	1
It	1
would	1
hang	1
up	1
when	1
I	1
answered	1
calls.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
from	1
this	1
company,	1
you	1
will	1
be	1
disappointed.	1
It	1
looks	1
great.	1
Press	1
the	1
Center	1
Button.3.	1
The	1
only	1
piece,	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
didn't	1
need,	1
that	1
worked	1
was	1
the	1
car	1
charger.	1
Too	1
bad	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
a	1
black	1
razor	1
last	1
month.	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
roughly	1
3	1
months	1
before	1
giving	1
it	1
away.	1
it	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
ps3	1
game	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
GREAT.	1
See	1
I	1
had	1
just	1
received	1
a	1
Motorola	1
e815	1
(a	1
couple	1
months	1
before)	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
a	1
Motorola	1
v710	1
and	1
so	1
the	1
e815	1
was	1
practically	1
free	1
and	1
new.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
with	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V600	1
flip	1
phone.Bad	1
Comments	1
First;	1
Doesn't	1
work	1
to	1
30	1
feet	1
as	1
claimed	1
in	1
Ads.I	1
am	1
lucky	1
to	1
get	1
3	1
feet	1
before	1
static.	1
I	1
would	1
hate	1
to	1
re-enter	1
it	1
all	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
gets	1
stolen,	1
damaged,	1
or	1
lost.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
SonyEricsson	1
W300i	1
because	1
I	1
couldn't	1
find	1
a	1
case	1
that	1
fit	1
in	1
the	1
stores.	1
The	1
flip	1
gives	1
a	1
nice	1
solid	1
"click"	1
when	1
flipping	1
it	1
open	1
and	1
closed.Battery	1
Life	1
(10/10)Better	1
than	1
any	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Now	1
I	1
get	1
4	1
or	1
5	1
barsof	1
signal	1
strength.	1
They	1
should	1
call	1
it	1
"buck-tooth".	1
Won't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
:-(.	1
Phone	1
Clip.	1
Mobiledia.com	1
claims	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
"voice	1
commands",	1
but	1
2	1
calls	1
to	1
carrier	1
have	1
confirmed	1
Now	1
I'm	1
out	1
the	1
money	1
and	1
still	1
dont	1
have	1
the	1
product.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
even	1
recieve	1
incoming	1
calls,	1
calls	1
would	1
go	1
straight	1
to	1
my	1
voice	1
mail.	1
Here	1
is	1
the	1
big	1
plus....the	1
phone	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
travel	1
charger	1
(AC)	1
and	1
a	1
usb	1
sync/charger	1
cable.	1
T-mobile	1
serice	1
sucks.	1
horizontal	1
pouch	1
for	1
razr	1
v3.	1
What	1
has	1
this	1
go	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
putting	1
Karaoke	1
on	1
an	1
Ipod???	1
The	1
v66	1
is	1
less	1
than	1
my	1
hand	1
its	1
soo	1
tiny,	1
i	1
think	1
its	1
great	1
even	1
though	1
some	1
people	1
say	1
the	1
the	1
menu	1
buttons	1
are	1
small.	1
Why	1
not	1
just	1
make	1
it	1
where	1
I	1
can	1
plug	1
the	1
charger	1
directly	1
into	1
the	1
headset??	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
color	1
too	1
but	1
didn't	1
buy	1
it	1
for	1
that.	1
But	1
needless	1
to	1
say,	1
this	1
defeats	1
the	1
whole	1
purpose	1
of	1
a	1
hands-free	1
device.	1
2nd	1
one	1
is	1
just	1
as	1
bad.	1
Bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
father	1
and	1
he	1
said	1
it	1
was	1
too	1
bulky	1
and	1
he	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
it	1
out	1
of	1
his	1
pocket.	1
Be	1
wary,Mark	1
Very	1
poor	1
cell	1
phone.	1
You	1
can	1
smell	1
it	1
on	1
your	1
belt	1
and	1
worse	1
yet,	1
the	1
phone	1
takes	1
on	1
the	1
smell.	1
I	1
realize	1
that	1
this	1
helps	1
keep	1
the	1
size	1
and	1
cost	1
of	1
the	1
the	1
unit	1
down.	1
The	1
lapel	1
clip	1
broke	1
the	1
first	1
day	1
I	1
got	1
this.	1
They	1
did	1
not	1
hold	1
a	1
charge,	1
but	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
the	1
company	1
goes,	1
they	1
shipped	1
the	1
product	1
right	1
away.	1
I	1
end	1
with	1
return	1
the	1
item.	1
the	1
plug	1
is	1
too	1
small	1
for	1
my	1
blackberry	1
so	1
i	1
can't	1
use	1
it.	1
But	1
yes	1
when	1
it	1
works	1
it	1
is	1
excellant,	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
compatibility	1
or	1
connection	1
problems	1
or	1
any	1
other	1
problems.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
almost	1
2	1
years	1
now.	1
It	1
will	1
be	1
a	1
great	1
surprise	1
gift	1
for	1
my	1
husband.	1
The	1
battery	1
arrived	1
as	1
promised	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
worked	1
so	1
well	1
so	1
far.	1
He	1
got	1
ones	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
measure	1
and	1
cut	1
to	1
fit	1
the	1
screen,	1
including	1
rounding	1
out	1
my	1
own	1
corners.	1
Motorola	1
puts	1
out	1
some	1
very	1
good	1
products,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
(Motorola	1
H500	1
Headset)	1
was	1
a	1
real	1
disappointment.	1
Too	1
thick	1
for	1
clip-in	1
belt	1
holster.	1
Phone	1
won't	1
stay	1
in	1
holster.	1
Every	1
one	1
complains	1
that	1
they	1
can't	1
hear	1
me	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
tinny.4.	1
Well,	1
it	1
looks	1
great,	1
but	1
doesn't	1
work	1
at	1
all	1
if	1
there	1
is	1
the	1
slightest	1
wind	1
or	1
breeze.	1
Antenna	1
is	1
weak.	1
This	1
product	1
was	1
of	1
very	1
poor	1
quality.	1
The	1
swivel	1
clasp	1
tore	1
itself	1
from	1
the	1
case	1
after	1
3	1
weeks	1
of	1
lite	1
use.	1
this	1
case	1
is	1
light	1
and	1
fits	1
the	1
phone	1
very	1
snug.	1
Otherwise,	1
get	1
this	1
headset.	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
antenna	1
outside	1
on	1
a	1
post	1
on	1
the	1
roof,	1
and	1
the	1
repeater	1
on	1
a	1
wall.	1
I	1
tried	1
finding	1
drivers	1
off	1
the	1
net	1
and	1
can't	1
make	1
it	1
work.	1
The	1
most	1
recent	1
example:Me	1
It's	1
extremely	1
lightweight	1
and	1
can	1
be	1
worn	1
for	1
hours	1
on	1
end	1
without	1
discomfort.	1
Displex	1
scratch	1
remover.	1
It	1
still	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
like	1
the	1
Q	1
but	1
came	1
away	1
utterly	1
disappointed.	1
Someone	1
on	1
the	1
assembly	1
line	1
took	1
a	1
nap	1
during	1
production	1
of	1
this	1
specific	1
unit.Whatever,	1
I've	1
gotten	1
dead	1
units	1
before.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
slight	1
hearing	1
problem	1
but	1
the	1
volume	1
was	1
sufficient	1
enough	1
where	1
I	1
didn't	1
have	1
any	1
issues	1
hearing.	1
Two	1
days	1
later,	1
the	1
box	1
came.	1
They	1
ship	1
with	1
the	1
Postal	1
Service.	1
After	1
being	1
attached,	1
the	1
adhesive	1
did	1
not	1
hold	1
for	1
very	1
long	1
and	1
at	1
some	1
point	1
the	1
shields	1
detached	1
from	1
the	1
surface	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
He	1
charges	1
the	1
phone	1
every	1
night	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
never	1
gone	1
dead	1
on	1
him.	1
My	1
old	1
one	1
was	1
unbearable	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
around.	1
It	1
also	1
sounds	1
great	1
listening	1
to	1
music.	1
Stick	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
ear!.	1
Failed..	1
Purchased	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
i850.It	1
worked	1
perfect	1
twice.Worked	1
no	1
more	1
since.	1
I	1
sent	1
it	1
back.I	1
ordered	1
this	1
one	1
from	1
Amazon	1
and	1
everything	1
worked	1
famously.	1
Keep	1
your	1
cell	1
phone	1
charged.	1
battery	1
didn't	1
last.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
instead	1
of	1
the	1
MOTOROKR	1
S9	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
unfavorable	1
reviews	1
for	1
the	1
S9.	1
To	1
change	1
the	1
ringer	1
volume	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
go	1
to	1
two	1
seperate	1
places.	1
The	1
Jawbone's	1
minimal	1
range	1
in	1
volume	1
control	1
made	1
it	1
impossible	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
comfortable	1
setting.Overall,	1
buying	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
was	1
a	1
big	1
mistake!	1
Poorly	1
designed	1
case.	1
I	1
have	1
request	1
my	1
money	1
back	1
and	1
have	1
not	1
recieve	1
a	1
respones.	1
The	1
onboard	1
slider	1
switch	1
is	1
nice	1
to	1
have	1
when	1
swapping	1
BT	1
devices	1
and	1
the	1
3	1
different	1
ear	1
hooks	1
make	1
this	1
so	1
comfy	1
to	1
wear.	1
The	1
voice	1
recognition	1
through	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
is	1
outstanding	1
even	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
driving	1
in	1
a	1
car.	1
Down	1
with	1
Palm.	1
Works	1
good	1
when	1
it	1
works..	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
product	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year	1
now.	1
When	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
for	1
exchange,	1
the	1
saleperson	1
said	1
that's	1
typical	1
of	1
this	1
headset,	1
and	1
only	1
from	1
Motorola.	1
You'll	1
thank	1
me.	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
cool	1
that	1
the	1
fliptop	1
swivels.	1
It	1
records	1
clearly	1
and	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
Setup	1
is	1
simple.	1
It's	1
not	1
that	1
much	1
different	1
than	1
other	1
Nokia	1
phones	1
except	1
that	1
there's	1
even	1
more	1
there	1
to	1
confuse	1
you.	1
Don't	1
know	1
how	1
I	1
lived	1
without	1
it.	1
I	1
called	1
Amazon	1
customer	1
service	1
1-800-201-7575	1
and	1
certainly	1
it	1
wasn't	1
helpful.	1
After	1
two	1
months	1
a	1
light	1
came	1
on	1
and	1
wouldn't	1
go	1
off.	1
Absolutely	1
awful	1
headset.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
portable	1
charger	1
and	1
the	1
cord	1
extends	1
the	1
flexibility.	1
I	1
can't	1
even	1
get	1
Win	1
XP	1
to	1
see	1
it	1
and	1
load	1
drivers.	1
This	1
holds	1
a	1
charge,	1
but	1
unlike	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
is	1
already	1
down	1
to	1
one	1
bar	1
at	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
day.	1
If	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
has	1
to	1
offer,	1
then	1
the	1
technology	1
has	1
a	1
long	1
way	1
to	1
go.	1
Another	1
benefit	1
of	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
that	1
you	1
could	1
transfer	1
your	1
phonebook	1
and	1
old	1
text	1
messages	1
that	1
were	1
stored	1
on	1
a	1
SIM	1
card	1
staright	1
to	1
this	1
phone.	1
Difficult	1
for	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
receiving	1
end	1
to	1
understand,	1
impossible	1
to	1
train,	1
very	1
bad	1
voice	1
recognition.	1
The	1
worst	1
reception	1
ever	1
on	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Great	1
Price	1
and	1
product.	1
After	1
one	1
call	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
saying	1
it	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
recharged.	1
When	1
used	1
with	1
a	1
Sanyo	1
Katana	1
all	1
you	1
can	1
do	1
is	1
manage	1
your	1
contacts.	1
Is	1
it	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
an	1
installed	1
Bluetooth	1
system?	1
THE	1
USB	1
PORT	1
IS	1
USELESS	1
WITHOUT	1
PAYING	1
AN	1
ADDITIONAL	1
$30USD	1
for	1
ADDITIONAL	1
SOFTWARE.	1
Sound	1
is	1
good	1
on	1
this	1
headset	1
but	1
manufacturing	1
quality	1
very	1
poor.	1
As	1
it	1
went	1
through	1
various	1
upgrades	1
its	1
functionality	1
started	1
dropping	1
off.	1
dishonest	1
service.	1
I	1
rarely	1
write	1
reviews,	1
however,	1
this	1
thing	1
is	1
really	1
so	1
horrible.	1
Excellent	1
product!	1
That	1
one	1
works	1
well,	1
but	1
installation	1
was	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
work.	1
Has	1
charging	1
mechanism	1
problems..	1
First,	1
the	1
good	1
news.	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510.	1
Obviously,	1
the	1
volume	1
control	1
and	1
skip	1
control	1
are	1
easy.	1
phone	1
book	1
takes	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
to	1
initiate	1
after	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
turned	1
back	1
on3.	1
Bought	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
from	1
this	1
company	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
defective	1
and	1
died	1
ONE	1
WEEK	1
after	1
their	1
return/replacement	1
deadline.	1
They	1
should	1
have	1
advertised	1
it	1
correctly	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
It	1
works	1
good.	1
Good	1
solution	1
for	1
people	1
with	1
weird	1
shaped	1
ears..	1
All	1
I	1
have	1
read	1
about	1
these	1
was	1
pretty	1
much	1
true.	1
Software	1
version	1
1.300	1
is	1
almost	1
perfect.	1
Doesn't	1
work.	1
This	1
version	1
says	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
international	1
version	1
saw	1
I	1
bought	1
because	1
he	1
lives	1
in	1
Honduras.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
This	1
Motorola	1
phone	1
was	1
available	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
still	1
with	1
Tracfone	1
so	1
that's	1
why	1
I	1
switched	1
to	1
Virgin	1
Mobile.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
really	1
no	1
big	1
issues	1
with	1
them.	1
And	1
by	1
golly,	1
you	1
cannot	1
beat	1
the	1
price!!	1
Transferring	1
files	1
is	1
very	1
easyCons:1.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
lost	1
service	1
once	1
in	1
the	1
city	1
like	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
all	1
the	1
time	1
on	1
the	1
V66.I	1
have	1
a	1
family	1
member	1
who	1
also	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
January	1
2003.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
many	1
motorola	1
and	1
nokia	1
phones,	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
BY	1
FAR	1
the	1
worst.	1
I've	1
heard	1
some	1
things	1
about	1
"lemons"	1
in	1
circulation,	1
so	1
maybe	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
ordered	1
was	1
a	1
lemon.	1
)Got	1
two	1
new	1
batteries	1
Mar	1
07	1
and	1
charge	1
them	1
24	1
hrs	1
before	1
use.	1
The	1
fit	1
could	1
be	1
just	1
a	1
touch	1
tighter	1
for	1
carrying	1
around	1
in	1
my	1
hand	1
or	1
outside	1
my	1
purse.Here's	1
how	1
I	1
get	1
my	1
headset	1
to	1
fit	1
securely	1
in	1
the	1
pouch.	1
It's	1
my	1
fault	1
for	1
even	1
thinking	1
that	1
something	1
that	1
costs	1
pennies	1
would	1
work.	1
Works	1
perfectly	1
for	1
the	1
Levana	1
BABYVIEW20	1
baby	1
monitor.	1
Works	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
case	1
plastic	1
covering.6)	1
Bottom	1
line,	1
find	1
another	1
flip	1
case	1
and	1
pay	1
more	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
quality	1
case.	1
The	1
t-mail	1
email	1
address	1
you	1
get	1
works	1
pretty	1
well	1
with	1
attachments	1
and	1
what	1
not.	1
We're	1
going	1
back	1
to	1
get	1
ANOTHER	1
new	1
phone	1
and	1
this	1
time	1
we're	1
going	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
good	1
one!	1
It	1
has	1
the	1
worst	1
operating	1
system	1
(windows	1
mobile)	1
Palm	1
was	1
1000%	1
better.	1
Well	1
worth	1
the	1
money!.	1
This	1
was	1
of	1
no	1
use	1
to	1
me.	1
Everyone	1
can	1
Hear	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
them....	1
Good	1
Purchase.	1
great	1
headset.	1
You	1
won't	1
be	1
disappointed!	1
I	1
expected	1
a	1
brand	1
new	1
phone	1
to	1
have	1
better	1
audio	1
clarity	1
than	1
my	1
4	1
year	1
old	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
cover	1
about	1
a	1
week	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
already	1
broken.	1
I	1
know	1
myself	1
better	1
than	1
that,	1
and	1
I'm	1
returning	1
mine	1
to	1
the	1
store.	1
Phone	1
Charger..great	1
buy.	1
It	1
is	1
cheap,	1
reliable	1
and	1
does	1
the	1
job	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
original.	1
The	1
RAZR	1
does	1
have	1
a	1
huge	1
display	1
and	1
some	1
nice	1
features.	1
I	1
called	1
Plantronics	1
support	1
line	1
and	1
they	1
walked	1
me	1
through	1
trying	1
to	1
reset	1
the	1
headset.	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
voice	1
dialling.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
would,	1
sometimes	1
it	1
wouldn't.2.)	1
The	1
Phone	1
keeps	1
Hanging.	1
Great	1
Case.	1
This	1
"phone"	1
was	1
built	1
to	1
do	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
things	1
and	1
does	1
them	1
well.	1
in	1
its	1
defense,	1
i	1
probably	1
should	1
be	1
diligent	1
about	1
removing	1
old	1
appointments	1
each	1
week	1
(i'm	1
spoiled	1
from	1
the	1
treo).	1
Too	1
bad	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
as	1
advertised.	1
TracFone	1
=	1
Great	1
Service	1
+	1
No	1
Hidden	1
Costs.	1
It	1
was	1
overly	1
optimistic	1
of	1
me	1
to	1
think	1
this	1
product	1
would	1
work	1
dispite	1
the	1
other	1
review.	1
This	1
new	1
battery	1
lasts	1
about	1
36	1
hours	1
without	1
needing	1
a	1
recharge	1
and	1
that's	1
without	1
using	1
the	1
phone	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
spring	1
mechanism	1
that	1
enables	1
it	1
to	1
retract	1
broke	1
almost	1
immediately.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
Microsft	1
Zune	1
and	1
would	1
recommend	1
it	1
to	1
everyone.	1
Consider	1
yourself	1
warned.	1
It	1
worked	1
when	1
I	1
did	1
it.	1
I'll	1
still	1
use	1
it,	1
but	1
Ericsson	1
can	1
do	1
better	1
than	1
this	1
ALWAYS	1
BROKE!!!!.	1
My	1
husband	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
motorola	1
phone,	1
we	1
can	1
use	1
the	1
same	1
charger.now	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
look	1
all	1
over	1
for	1
it,	1
we	1
each	1
have	1
one.	1
Terrible	1
phone.	1
Superb	1
Phone!!!!!.	1
I	1
brought	1
it	1
into	1
my	1
local	1
store	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
I	1
picked	1
the	1
right	1
model	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
essentially	1
defective.	1
Love	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
can	1
be	1
paired	1
with	1
2	1
devices	1
at	1
a	1
time.	1
Good	1
Basic	1
Phone	1
with	1
Excellent	1
Features.	1
I	1
was	1
thrilled	1
because	1
I	1
love	1
snakes,	1
but	1
it	1
isn't	1
really	1
silver.	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
in	1
and	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
week	1
when	1
all	1
of	1
a	1
sudden	1
the	1
phone	1
adapter	1
part	1
just	1
fell	1
apart	1
in	1
my	1
hand.	1
I'd	1
give	1
negative	1
stars,	1
but	1
that	1
wasn't	1
an	1
option.	1
WEP	1
200	1
Different	1
Versions?.	1
I'd	1
rather	1
through	1
$49.00	1
out	1
the	1
window	1
so	1
someone	1
gets	1
some	1
enjoyment	1
from	1
my	1
money.	1
The	1
price	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
good	1
too	1
so	1
it's	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
no	1
brainer.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
replace	1
my	1
1	1
year	1
old	1
battery	1
in	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Razr.	1
First	1
thing	1
I	1
noticed	1
was	1
the	1
little	1
"injection"	1
tube/port	1
that	1
goes	1
into	1
your	1
ear.	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
item	1
and	1
it	1
broke	1
with	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
day,	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
item	1
and	1
order	1
the	1
smae	1
one	1
again,	1
which	1
also	1
broke	1
after	1
a	1
week.	1
The	1
mic	1
can	1
rotate	1
in	1
one	1
plane	1
allowing	1
for	1
flexible	1
placements.	1
This	1
so-called	1
cell	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
biggest	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
i	1
will	1
update	1
my	1
post	1
if	1
the	1
odor	1
goes	1
away.	1
Before	1
using	1
this,	1
I	1
could	1
get	1
cellular	1
signal	1
when	1
my	1
cellular	1
was	1
near/at	1
the	1
window	1
but	1
not	1
inside	1
the	1
house.	1
We	1
are	1
not	1
that	1
hard	1
on	1
our	1
phones.	1
It's	1
the	1
little	1
plastic	1
"shield"	1
that	1
comes	1
on	1
your	1
phone	1
when	1
you	1
first	1
purchase	1
it.	1
Really	1
doesn't	1
make	1
sense	1
on	1
why	1
someone	1
would	1
need	1
this	1
accessory.	1
It	1
was	1
impossible	1
to	1
find	1
an	1
actual	1
retail	1
outlet	1
that	1
had	1
this	1
particular	1
phone	1
charger	1
in	1
stock,	1
a	1
little	1
web	1
surfing	1
and	1
voila!	1
Great	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
BE	1
CAREFUL	1
!!!	1
Warning,	1
Plantronics	1
Plusar	1
590a	1
headsets	1
are	1
not	1
mp3	1
cell	1
phone	1
player	1
compatible.My	1
phone	1
is	1
an	1
LG8100	1
and	1
others	1
are	1
said	1
to	1
be	1
affected.	1
Be	1
wary	1
of	1
others	1
giving	1
this	1
headset	1
high	1
marks	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
used	1
a	1
velcrow	1
stretch	1
strap	1
and	1
wraped	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
my	1
arm.	1
My	1
advice	1
to	1
that	1
reviewer	1
-	1
consider	1
reading	1
the	1
instructions	1
and	1
adjust	1
the	1
mouth	1
piece	1
away	1
from	1
your	1
mouth	1
(not	1
in	1
the	1
instructions).	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
preferred	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
wired	1
headset	1
as	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
require	1
battery	1
charging,	1
like	1
the	1
Bluetoth	1
headset.	1
However,	1
it	1
has	1
its	1
dissadvantages.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
since	1
October.	1
everything	1
i	1
try	1
to	1
down	1
load	1
come	1
back	1
and	1
not	1
supported.	1
I	1
keep	1
a	1
spare	1
battery	1
charged	1
at	1
all	1
times.Thank	1
you	1
Not	1
as	1
bad	1
as	1
you	1
think.	1
Also,	1
no	1
complaints	1
from	1
others	1
during	1
calls.	1
the	1
photo	1
quality	1
is	1
also	1
good(	1
when	1
you	1
think	1
interms	1
of	1
a	1
cellphone).It	1
has	1
got	1
good	1
radio	1
too.	1
It's	1
not	1
loud	1
enough	1
and	1
after	1
30	1
seconds,	1
it	1
rejects	1
the	1
tape.DON'T	1
BUY	1
My	1
wife	1
had	1
a	1
strong	1
preference	1
for	1
headphones	1
that	1
would	1
cover	1
her	1
ears	1
instead	1
of	1
being	1
inserted	1
in	1
her	1
ears.	1
Turns	1
out,	1
I	1
just	1
had	1
to	1
bring	1
extra	1
batteries.	1
You	1
won't	1
actually	1
get	1
to	1
talk	1
to	1
a	1
real	1
person.	1
T-Mobile	1
blamed	1
the	1
handset	1
and	1
Amazon	1
could	1
not	1
replace	1
it,	1
thus	1
cancel	1
and	1
reimbursed	1
me	1
for	1
the	1
HANDSET.	1
It's	1
still	1
a	1
GREAT	1
phone,	1
especially	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
and	1
the	1
features.	1
For	1
&lt;$40	1
I	1
can	1
listen	1
to	1
my	1
MP3	1
in	1
any	1
car	1
(not	1
just	1
the	1
Prius)	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
any	1
FM	1
Station.	1
When	1
I	1
tryed	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
cable	1
link	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
hold	1
the	1
plug	1
in	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
connect.	1
Save	1
your	1
money.	1
I	1
used	1
a	1
CS-50	1
for	1
years,	1
until	1
a	1
combination	1
of	1
being	1
worn	1
out,	1
and	1
interference	1
from	1
wireless	1
networks	1
made	1
its	1
quality	1
decline	1
beyond	1
use.	1
People	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
report	1
a	1
slight	1
echo.	1
Phone's	1
display	1
is	1
so	1
small	1
and	1
Verizon	1
has	1
a	1
policy	1
of	1
extending	1
your	1
contract	1
anytime	1
you	1
change	1
your	1
rate	1
plan!	1
had	1
to	1
send	1
back.	1
How	1
will	1
you	1
exactly	1
know	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
roaming?2.	1
The	1
belt	1
clip	1
on	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
too	1
stiff.	1
I	1
would	1
still	1
rate	1
it	1
highly.	1
Worst	1
BT	1
headset	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
buy..	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
get	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
friend	1
because	1
it	1
worked	1
so	1
well	1
At	1
the	1
price	1
point,	1
I	1
can	1
afford	1
to	1
have	1
one	1
at	1
desk	1
side,	1
one	1
at	1
bedside.	1
Get	1
the	1
little	1
attachment	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
loop	1
it	1
over	1
your	1
ear.	1
And	1
I	1
am	1
only	1
5'10".	1
Motorola's	1
level	1
2	1
tech	1
support	1
finally	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
it	1
probably	1
wasn't	1
compatible	1
with	1
my	1
desktop.	1
Video,	1
Phone,	1
GPS,	1
WIFI,	1
Connectivity.	1
It	1
says	1
Verizon	1
wireless	1
on	1
the	1
side.	1
not	1
the	1
right	1
charger	1
for	1
A767	1
Samsung	1
phone.	1
company	1
sent	1
a	1
BR50	1
which	1
has	1
a	1
lower	1
MAH	1
rating.	1
They	1
both	1
work	1
the	1
same,	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
either	1
is	1
defective.	1
Ear	1
loop	1
broke	1
on	1
last	1
one.	1
Excellent	1
Device.	1
Three-Piece	1
Value	1
Combo	1
Pack	1
for	1
Nokia	1
6101,	1
6102,	1
6103.	1
If	1
you're	1
looking	1
for	1
nothing	1
but	1
a	1
DECENT,	1
ATTRACTIVE	1
camera-phone,	1
this	1
is	1
what	1
you	1
want.	1
It's	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
rebuild	1
mine	1
to	1
get	1
them	1
to	1
run.)	1
Instead,	1
get	1
a	1
blackberry,	1
an	1
i-phone,	1
get	1
a	1
wire	1
and	1
two	1
cups...	1
anything	1
else	1
but	1
an	1
HTC.	1
Good	1
Value	1
for	1
the	1
Money.	1
Doesn't	1
work.	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
problems	1
pairing	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Cingular	1
RAZR	1
V3.	1
So,	1
I'll	1
try	1
again	1
with	1
another	1
one...	1
Great	1
product.	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
i	1
think	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
phone	1
for	1
young	1
kids.	1
To	1
fix	1
this,	1
I	1
simply	1
bent	1
the	1
piece	1
of	1
metal	1
downward	1
and	1
towards	1
the	1
phone,	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
much	1
harder	1
to	1
both	1
open	1
and	1
close	1
the	1
case.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
can	1
go	1
from	1
being	1
a	1
speaker	1
for	1
ur	1
phone	1
or	1
iPOD	1
and	1
comes	1
with	1
proper	1
attachments.	1
Wonderful	1
Charger.	1
The	1
MDA	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
bad	1
cell	1
phone.	1
very	1
dissapointed.	1
Other	1
cradles	1
require	1
removal	1
of	1
skin	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
seat	1
properly.	1
Using	1
the	1
standard	1
Nokia	1
battery,	1
I	1
could	1
go	1
for	1
about	1
5	1
days,given	1
the	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
on,	1
and	1
the	1
amount	1
I	1
talk.	1
Sounds	1
too	1
go	1
to	1
be	1
true,	1
but	1
it	1
really	1
does	1
work	1
well.	1
The	1
car	1
mount	1
and	1
belt	1
holster	1
I	1
threw	1
away	1
since	1
they	1
were	1
made	1
of	1
cheap	1
plastic	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
trust	1
either	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
Blackjack	1
from	1
falling.	1
Great	1
product,	1
shipped	1
as	1
expected.	1
It	1
never	1
seems	1
to	1
go	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
way	1
given	1
that	1
the	1
earloop	1
swings	1
around.	1
I	1
received	1
a	1
prompt	1
replacement	1
from	1
the	1
seller,	1
and	1
the	1
pen	1
didn't	1
write.	1
Good	1
product.	1
From	1
1/2	1
Bar	1
to	1
5	1
Bars!.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
frustrating!	1
Better	1
than	1
Treo	1
600	1
and	1
LESS	1
expensive.	1
2)	1
Its	1
hard	1
exterior	1
become	1
painfully	1
uncomfortable	1
after	1
10	1
minutes	1
or	1
so	1
of	1
talking	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
often	1
switch	1
ears	1
mid-conversation.	1
Excellent	1
product.	1
I'm	1
very	1
fast	1
on	1
computers	1
and	1
it	1
took	1
me	1
4	1
hours	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
the	1
return	1
process.	1
My	1
reasons	1
to	1
switch	1
to	1
T-mobile	1
from	1
Sprint	1
were	1
I	1
felt	1
a	1
tingly	1
feeling	1
using	1
my	1
cell	1
phone,	1
now	1
using	1
this	1
headset,	1
it's	1
disappeared.	1
But	1
as	1
someone	1
who	1
needs	1
to	1
wear	1
gloves	1
while	1
riding,	1
I	1
suffer	1
the	1
frustration	1
of	1
frequently	1
hitting	1
the	1
wrong	1
button.	1
)The	1
various	1
stock	1
wallpapers	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
pretty	1
boring	1
and	1
tend	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
hard	1
to	1
read	1
the	1
small	1
display	1
window.	1
The	1
phone	1
calls	1
are	1
good;	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
people	1
very	1
well	1
and	1
they	1
tell	1
me	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
clearly.	1
Returned	1
this	1
on	1
for	1
warranty	1
repair.	1
not	1
quite	1
road-worthy.	1
Get	1
very	1
positive	1
feedback	1
from	1
everyone	1
I	1
call.	1
Great	1
Palm	1
Armor.	1
I	1
know	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
phone	1
because	1
I	1
tried	1
another	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
still	1
sounded	1
bad.	1
I	1
always	1
had	1
to	1
worry	1
about	1
getting	1
to	1
a	1
charger.	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent.	1
Be	1
careful	1
putting	1
the	1
ear	1
gel	1
over	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
ear	1
piece	1
(	1
you	1
dont	1
want	1
to	1
tear	1
it).	1
Boy	1
was	1
I	1
wrong!	1
Prior	1
to	1
this	1
one	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
H850	1
which	1
was	1
larger,	1
bulkier	1
and	1
not	1
as	1
clear.	1
I	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
demonstration,	1
go	1
borrow	1
an	1
adapter,	1
plug	1
it	1
in,	1
and	1
you'll	1
see	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
mean.Better	1
get	1
the	1
type	1
with	1
a	1
flexible	1
cord.	1
Felix	1
Unger?	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
to	1
an	1
AT&T;	1
store	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
SIM	1
card.	1
I	1
have	1
made	1
three	1
calls,	1
totaling	1
two	1
hours	1
of	1
my	1
time.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this!	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
so	1
far!!!!	1
Wrong	1
item.	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
on	1
my	1
third	1
and	1
final	1
phone	1
of	1
this	1
make	1
and	1
already	1
it	1
is	1
beginning	1
to	1
have	1
problems.	1
priced	1
good	1
sells	1
for	1
$50	1
to	1
$60	1
at	1
phone	1
store.	1
Get	1
an	1
E105	1
or	1
V300	1
or	1
something,	1
just	1
don't	1
get	1
this.	1
They're	1
cheap	1
enough,	1
so	1
why	1
not?Overall,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
BT	1
headset	1
I've	1
ever	1
used	1
in	1
the	1
three	1
years	1
that	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
them.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
on	1
July	1
2,	1
2004.	1
The	1
small	1
bubbles	1
will	1
disappear	1
-	1
but	1
accidental	1
fingerprints	1
will	1
not.=	1
Wetness	1
is	1
the	1
key.	1
Jabra	1
Bluetooth	1
Stereo	1
Headset	1
Model	1
BT620.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
found	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
negative	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
connection	1
is	1
lost	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
moved	1
around.	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
the	1
4th	1
Pink	1
RAZR	1
in	1
5	1
months!	1
Good	1
stereo	1
headset	1
for	1
the	1
VX-8300.	1
Good	1
Phone	1
W/Weak	1
Battery.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
cable	1
to	1
transfer	1
music	1
to	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Sometimes,	1
the	1
buttons	1
don't	1
work	1
and	1
they	1
freeze.	1
Do	1
this	1
rather	1
than	1
spend	1
the	1
extra	1
money	1
for	1
the	1
nice	1
graphics	1
they	1
paste	1
on	1
at	1
AT&T	1
KRZR	1
K1m	1
recall.	1
Its	1
eveything	1
I	1
had	1
hoped	1
for	1
and	1
plenty	1
more.	1
So	1
this	1
is	1
where	1
I	1
went.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
hard	1
feel,	1
so	1
you	1
know	1
your	1
phone	1
is	1
protected.	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
properly.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
open	1
up	1
the	1
battery	1
cover,	1
take	1
out	1
the	1
battery	1
for	1
just	1
a	1
second,	1
and	1
then	1
replace	1
it,	1
at	1
which	1
point	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
power	1
back	1
on.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
those	1
who	1
don't	1
want	1
much	1
from	1
their	1
phone.	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
padded	1
cushions	1
(the	1
headset	1
also	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
foam	1
cups).The	1
best	1
feature	1
of	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
the	1
distance	1
the	1
sound	1
carries.	1
So	1
for	1
so	1
good.	1
Great	1
protection.	1
Great,	1
but	1
not	1
really	1
silver.	1
Overall	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
glad	1
that	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
product.You	1
do	1
not	1
need	1
to	1
pay	1
for	1
high	1
priced	1
gear,	1
that	1
doesn't	1
always	1
mean	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
better.	1
Good	1
thing	1
i	1
had	1
warranty	1
on	1
it	1
or	1
else	1
i	1
wouldn't	1
get	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
second	1
time.	1
Thank	1
you	1
so	1
much.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
email	1
1	1
week	1
from	1
the	1
day	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
Nokia	1
3220	1
Refurbished	1
from	1
Cingular's	1
web	1
site.	1
I	1
thought	1
maybe	1
it	1
was	1
just	1
a	1
break-in	1
period	1
but	1
its	1
been	1
almost	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
nothing	1
changed.	1
I	1
wanted	1
nothing	1
more	1
then	1
to	1
move	1
back	1
to	1
a	1
GSM	1
network,	1
but	1
it	1
seems	1
like	1
I'll	1
be	1
going	1
back	1
to	1
CDMA.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
real	1
thing.	1
remember	1
you	1
are	1
getting	1
50$	1
back	1
from	1
T	1
mobile	1
for	1
buying	1
this	1
phone!!	1
Proves	1
to	1
me	1
that	1
T-Mobile	1
does	1
not	1
stand	1
behind	1
its	1
service.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
HS820	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
cheaper	1
headsets	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
its	1
a	1
phone	1
which	1
makes	1
a	1
statement.	1
The	1
camera	1
needs	1
slightly	1
higher	1
resolution.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
conveniently	1
in	1
my	1
average-size	1
hand,	1
and	1
one-handed	1
dialing	1
(holding	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
hand	1
while	1
using	1
your	1
thumb	1
to	1
dial)	1
is	1
difficult.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
better	1
it	1
worked	1
for	1
about	1
4	1
weeks	1
vs	1
the	1
1	1
week	1
with	1
the	1
HS810.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
nice	1
as	1
a	1
phone	1
-	1
compact,	1
light,	1
with	1
enough	1
volume	1
in	1
the	1
headset	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
car	1
top	1
down	1
(but	1
not	1
at	1
80	1
mph!).	1
The	1
color	1
of	1
this	1
skin	1
is	1
really	1
deceiving.	1
As	1
an	1
owner	1
of	1
one	1
unit	1
myself	1
I	1
can	1
truly	1
say	1
that	1
the	1
"iPaq	1
6515"	1
is	1
NOT	1
all	1
that	1
good.	1
I'm	1
completely	1
dissatisfied.	1
Well,	1
within	1
a	1
week	1
it	1
was	1
broken.	1
You'll	1
never	1
know	1
it	1
is	1
there,	1
it	1
fits	1
perfectly	1
and	1
it	1
removes	1
with	1
ease.	1
Once	1
it's	1
in,	1
you	1
hardly	1
notice	1
it's	1
there@!Just	1
got	1
a	1
Voyager	1
pro.	1
I	1
think	1
I'll	1
be	1
finding	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
go	1
back	1
to	1
using	1
my	1
much	1
better,	1
old	1
Nokia	1
6800.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
second	1
Samsung	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
last	1
one.Speech	1
clarity	1
is	1
excellent	1
and	1
size	1
of	1
screen	1
is	1
good.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
admit	1
they	1
are	1
not	1
the	1
smallest,	1
but	1
they	1
certainly	1
stay	1
in	1
your	1
ear,	1
especially	1
when	1
you	1
whip	1
your	1
head	1
around	1
in	1
heavy	1
traffic.	1
These	1
headphones	1
are	1
intended	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
not	1
only	1
for	1
music,	1
but	1
for	1
hands-free	1
operation	1
while	1
on	1
the	1
road,	1
etc.	1
Press	1
the	1
red	1
call	1
button.2.	1
This	1
style	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
the	1
summer	1
months	1
and	1
tropical	1
vacations,	1
or	1
for	1
a	1
pick-me-up	1
during	1
the	1
dreary	1
winter	1
months.	1
My	1
husband	1
has	1
kept	1
his	1
phone	1
clipped	1
to	1
his	1
belt	1
for	1
years,	1
so	1
when	1
he	1
got	1
a	1
new	1
Motorola	1
Razr,	1
he	1
wanted	1
to	1
continue	1
wearing	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
his	1
belt.	1
The	1
controls	1
area	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
the	1
microphone	1
is	1
great.	1
this	1
phone	1
will	1
never	1
be	1
available	1
from	1
this	1
site.	1
Gotta	1
have	1
that	1
unlimited	1
data	1
plan	1
for	1
the	1
Iphone	1
though.	1
Great	1
headset.	1
Dubious	1
info.	1
I	1
tried	1
turning	1
it	1
around,	1
and	1
just	1
as	1
people	1
have	1
been	1
reporting,	1
the	1
phone	1
did	1
not	1
fit	1
right	1
and	1
tried	1
to	1
slip	1
right	1
out.	1
Good	1
Screen	1
Protectors	1
for	1
your	1
BlackBerry	1
Curve.	1
It's	1
good	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
be	1
in	1
office	1
or	1
home.	1
But	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
charging	1
Ipods.	1
I	1
even	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
Sony	1
z525	1
and	1
a	1
Motorola	1
RAZR,	1
and	1
it	1
still	1
wont	1
pair	1
up,	1
so	1
be	1
sure.	1
didn't	1
help	1
and	1
made	1
new	1
scratches.	1
There's	1
plastic	1
covering	1
to	1
go	1
over	1
the	1
keys.	1
the	1
idea	1
of	1
not	1
having	1
wires	1
is	1
great	1
but	1
the	1
negatives	1
outweigh	1
the	1
positives,	1
i'm	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
wired	1
earbud.	1
Loses	1
connection	1
at	1
a	1
very	1
short	1
distance	1
(	1
8-10	1
feet).	1
It	1
was	1
something	1
along	1
the	1
lines	1
of,	1
"We	1
do	1
this	1
so	1
that	1
if	1
you're	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
a	1
call,	1
you	1
won't	1
lose	1
it.	1
Disappointed.	1
Nothing	1
more	1
to	1
add;	1
does	1
not	1
let	1
the	1
extended	1
life	1
battery	1
to	1
be	1
used;	1
overall	1
impression	1
is	1
"not	1
impressed"	1
I	1
know	1
from	1
experience.	1
You	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
left	1
or	1
right	1
ear.	1
I	1
don't	1
expect	1
it	1
to	1
last	1
forever	1
and	1
with	1
how	1
much	1
I	1
use	1
it,	1
4	1
months	1
is	1
a	1
long	1
time.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
done	1
more	1
research	1
because	1
if	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
read	1
that	1
the	1
cube	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
remote	1
that	1
works	1
with	1
it.	1
With	1
the	1
right	1
pair	1
of	1
head	1
phone's,	1
this	1
unit	1
works	1
great.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
thing.	1
Terrible	1
design.	1
As	1
the	1
pouch	1
expanded	1
every	1
so	1
slightly	1
with	1
use	1
or	1
age,	1
it	1
no	1
longer	1
held	1
the	1
Blackberry	1
securely	1
I	1
am	1
happy	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
received	1
two	1
brand	1
new	1
Palm-brand	1
batteries.	1
And	1
the	1
screen	1
is	1
too	1
small	1
to	1
render	1
anything	1
anyways.	1
Great	1
leather	1
case!	1
Not	1
bad	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
why	1
do	1
you	1
die	1
even	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
being	1
fed	1
by	1
your	1
umbilical	1
cord	1
of	1
electricity?	1
HS850s	1
are	1
GREAT	1
Bluetooth	1
Headsets.	1
Headset	1
impedance	1
(mine	1
is	1
32	1
ohms,	1
which	1
is	1
fairly	1
low)	1
was	1
too	1
high	1
for	1
the	1
BT320s.	1
I	1
love	1
colorful	1
accessories	1
and	1
found	1
this	1
to	1
be	1
attractive	1
and	1
the	1
Palm	1
m100	1
useful.	1
It's	1
small	1
and	1
fits	1
well	1
in	1
the	1
palm	1
of	1
my	1
hand.	1
The	1
camera	1
phone	1
works	1
great	1
for	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
pictures	1
are	1
very	1
good	1
quality.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
item	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
am	1
learning	1
to	1
live	1
with	1
the	1
product.	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
deal	1
-	1
not	1
so	1
great	1
if	1
they	1
suck	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
shipping	1
to	1
return	1
them.	1
I've	1
owned	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
almost	1
6	1
months	1
and	1
just	1
found	1
this	1
tonight.The	1
loudspeaker	1
plays	1
ringtones	1
very	1
clear	1
at	1
full	1
volume.	1
I	1
wear	1
glasses	1
and	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
it	1
being	1
uncomfortable	1
or	1
fitting	1
improperly.	1
The	1
retail	1
price	1
dropped	1
from	1
299.00	1
down	1
to	1
80.00	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
This	1
phone	1
sucks	1
bigtime.	1
The	1
new	1
mic	1
style	1
on	1
this	1
model	1
helps,	1
but	1
doesn't	1
totally	1
eliminate	1
wind	1
noise.It	1
seems	1
to	1
have	1
great	1
battery	1
life	1
&	1
is	1
quite	1
durable.	1
That	1
said,	1
it	1
still	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
well,	1
and	1
is	1
rather	1
uncomfortable.	1
I	1
can't	1
afford	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
messing	1
the	1
conversation	1
up.Having	1
an	1
ear	1
piece	1
in	1
each	1
ear	1
is	1
perfect	1
and	1
allows	1
the	1
call	1
to	1
be	1
loud	1
and	1
clear	1
on	1
my	1
end.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money!.	1
When	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
one	1
I	1
could	1
see	1
immediately	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
right	1
and	1
yet	1
the	1
model	1
number	1
written	1
on	1
it	1
appeared	1
to	1
be	1
correct.	1
I	1
got	1
one	1
that	1
will	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
24	1
hours,	1
unlike	1
the	1
factory	1
original	1
that	1
works	1
for	1
3	1
or	1
4	1
days!	1
And	1
of	1
course,	1
last	1
but	1
not	1
least,	1
the	1
phone	1
capabilities.	1
I	1
was	1
amazed	1
with	1
not	1
only	1
the	1
dilevery	1
but	1
the	1
product	1
it	1
self.	1
Nice	1
product,	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
to	1
charge	1
your	1
zune	1
in	1
you	1
car,	1
and	1
without	1
needing	1
a	1
computer.	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
look	1
but	1
sacrificed	1
everything	1
else	1
I	1
needed	1
in	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Good	1
Product	1
-	1
While	1
It	1
Worked.	1
Strongly	1
recommend	1
you	1
to	1
NOT	1
purchase	1
this	1
item!!!.	1
THIS	1
IS	1
A	1
USED	1
BATTERY.	1
My	1
rating	1
has	1
nothing	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
it's	1
about	1
how	1
I	1
am	1
going	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
when.	1
It	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
hardier,	1
and	1
the	1
earpiece	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
positive,	1
in	1
my	1
opinion.	1
I'm	1
using	1
this	1
with	1
a	1
razr	1
phone,	1
used	1
an	1
a	1
mini-usb	1
to	1
2.5mm	1
adapter,	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
on	1
any	1
other	1
unit.	1
Phone	1
is	1
dual	1
band.	1
Convienient	1
Device,	1
Vendor	1
Gizmoco	1
sent	1
quickly.	1
It	1
burned	1
out	1
after	1
20	1
minutes	1
of	1
talking.	1
They	1
said	1
they	1
would	1
send	1
the	1
correct	1
one	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
received	1
anything.	1
USB	1
charger	1
non	1
standard.	1
That	1
was	1
satisfying.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
go	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
like	1
a	1
glove,	1
more	1
like	1
taking	1
off	1
a	1
wet-suit	1
or	1
a	1
wet	1
bathing	1
suit.B.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
Now	1
I	1
know	1
why	1
they	1
give	1
away	1
coupons	1
making	1
this	1
item	1
essentially	1
free.	1
As	1
luck	1
would	1
have	1
it,	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
hard	1
little	1
earpieces	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
fits	1
my	1
ear	1
perfectly,	1
so	1
I	1
wasted	1
$10	1
on	1
the	1
Eargels.	1
Too	1
much	1
Chocolate	1
makes	1
you	1
sick.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
free	1
with	1
my	1
RAZR.	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
Treo650.	1
disappointed.	1
Overall	1
very	1
satisfied.	1
Although	1
a	1
reviewer	1
says	1
they're	1
disappointed	1
with	1
the	1
thickness	1
of	1
this	1
case,	1
there's	1
only	1
so	1
much	1
you	1
can	1
take	1
away.	1
SO,	1
I	1
tried	1
this.	1
In	1
my	1
main	1
living	1
space,	1
I	1
consistently	1
get	1
a	1
RSSI	1
of	1
-89	1
to	1
-92,	1
with	1
3-4	1
bars	1
on	1
my	1
cellphone.The	1
device	1
is	1
pretty	1
much	1
hands-off	1
The	1
vendor	1
did	1
help,	1
but	1
it	1
took	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
thing	1
installed.	1
Ok	1
quality	1
for	1
the	1
money,	1
but	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
comfortable.	1
None	1
of	1
the	1
four	1
ear-pieces	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
it,	1
fit	1
my	1
ear	1
lobe	1
and	1
are	1
very	1
fragile,	1
as	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
reviews	1
have	1
stated.	1
Logitech)	1
looked	1
great,	1
sounded	1
great	1
and	1
the	1
neckband	1
lasted	1
3	1
weeks	1
and	1
then	1
...	1
snap!	1
My	1
iGo	1
arrived	1
today	1
and	1
I'm	1
sending	1
it	1
right	1
back.	1
These	1
are	1
not	1
new	1
batteries,	1
in	1
my	1
opinion.	1
Worst	1
Electronic	1
Purchase	1
I've	1
Ever	1
Made.	1
This	1
was	1
MUCH	1
worse	1
than	1
my	1
good	1
old	1
undranded	1
headphones	1
I	1
bought	1
years	1
ago	1
in	1
a	1
thrift	1
store.	1
Hope	1
these	1
help!!	1
Good	1
product,	1
Great	1
price,	1
Fast	1
delivery.	1
A	1
useful,	1
simple	1
product.	1
So	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
myself.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
The	1
trick,	1
IMO,	1
is	1
to	1
start	1
in	1
one	1
corner	1
and	1
carefully	1
smooth	1
out	1
bubbles	1
as	1
you	1
lay	1
the	1
plastic	1
down.	1
Great	1
product!.	1
Almost	1
as	1
nice	1
as	1
the	1
Coach	1
Cell	1
Case,	1
but	1
a	1
lot	1
less	1
expensive.	1
It	1
fits	1
my	1
Nokia	1
8290	1
very	1
nicely.	1
Excellent	1
product.	1
The	1
2nd	1
one	1
you	1
can't	1
hear	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
but	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
you.	1
After	1
having	1
the	1
Motorola	1
H500	1
,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
step	1
up	1
to	1
the	1
H700.	1
I	1
just	1
received	1
the	1
WIP320	1
Dec	1
22,	1
2007.	1
If	1
you're	1
in	1
doubt,	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
try.	1
hotsync	1
cable.	1
Second	1
of	1
all,	1
it	1
is	1
cheap,	1
BUT	1
NOT	1
EFFECTIVE.	1
Works	1
like	1
it	1
should.	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
instructions	1
helpful	1
-	1
easy	1
to	1
install.	1
Not	1
totally	1
durable	1
-	1
but	1
good	1
none-the-less.	1
I	1
would	1
definitely	1
recommend	1
this	1
case	1
to	1
other	1
Moto	1
Q	1
owners.	1
MP3	1
player	1
is	1
located	1
Mystuff>Games&Apps>Digital	1
Audio	1
Player.	1
I've	1
had	1
several	1
of	1
these,	1
they're	1
all	1
crap.	1
Cable	1
charges	1
from	1
some	1
computers,	1
but	1
not	1
all,	1
and	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
transfer	1
any	1
data	1
nor	1
is	1
it	1
recognized	1
as	1
a	1
device	1
by	1
any	1
computer	1
I	1
have	1
tried.	1
I	1
started	1
placing	1
my	1
order	1
and	1
on	1
credit	1
check	1
form	1
it	1
complained	1
about	1
the	1
zip	1
code	1
being	1
different	1
from	1
the	1
service	1
area.	1
The	1
hinge	1
to	1
flip	1
open	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
completely	1
broken	1
-first	1
just	1
one	1
side	1
broke	1
and	1
pretty	1
soon	1
the	1
entire	1
thing	1
broke.	1
My	1
only	1
problem	1
was	1
the	1
shipping	1
(1	1
star).	1
If	1
you	1
decide	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
phone,	1
Good	1
luck.	1
works	1
great.In	1
store	1
they	1
want	1
20	1
dollars.I	1
payed	1
2	1
dollars	1
and	1
nintysix	1
cents	1
on	1
amazon.	1
Cheap	1
&	1
Poorly	1
Made.	1
Want	1
something	1
that	1
doesn't	1
feel	1
worn?	1
I	1
dig	1
it	1
:)	1
Verizon	1
even	1
tries	1
to	1
"sucker"	1
you	1
into	1
perchasing	1
"play	1
it	1
for	1
24	1
hours"	1
deals.	1
I	1
use	1
Microsoft	1
Voice	1
Command	1
with	1
my	1
XV6700	1
PocketPC	1
phone.	1
Never	1
disconnect	1
and	1
the	1
voice	1
quality	1
is	1
crystal	1
clear.	1
Yes,	1
5	1
years..	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
in	1
2006,	1
the	1
battery	1
has	1
finally	1
gotten	1
too	1
old	1
to	1
be	1
very	1
useful	1
anymore.	1
Out	1
of	1
the	1
package	1
i	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
and	1
pair	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
Great	1
bluetooth	1
item..	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
second	1
H350	1
and	1
both	1
work	1
great.	1
There's	1
no	1
difficulty	1
opening	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
the	1
case	1
installed.	1
Clunky	1
and	1
didn't	1
work	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
days.	1
22:00	1
instead	1
of	1
10:00pm)6-	1
Cannot	1
delete	1
the	1
default	1
images	1
in	1
the	1
gallery	1
-	1
unless	1
you	1
purchase	1
additional	1
connectivity	1
hardware	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
need	1
a	1
phone	1
with	1
fancy	1
gadgets.	1
Somedays	1
It	1
works	1
between	1
three	1
walls	1
across	1
15	1
feet	1
and	1
sometimes	1
it	1
doesn't.	1
The	1
swivel	1
is	1
tight	1
&	1
it	1
doesn't	1
move	1
unless	1
you	1
want	1
it	1
to	1
which	1
is	1
great.	1
It	1
most	1
definitely	1
does	1
not	1
offer	1
drop	1
protection.	1
I	1
have	1
s	1
Sony	1
mp3	1
headset	1
that	1
this	1
resembles	1
and	1
thought	1
that	1
this	1
would	1
be	1
the	1
perfect	1
solution,	1
especially	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Text	1
messaging	1
with	1
nextel	1
is	1
next	1
to	1
impossible.	1
Great	1
deal.	1
So	1
far	1
so	1
good,	1
couldn't	1
even	1
find	1
these	1
locally.	1
Just	1
the	1
vibrations	1
of	1
driving	1
on	1
a	1
bumpy	1
road,	1
or	1
walking	1
was	1
enough	1
to	1
knock	1
them	1
loose.	1
Everything	1
else	1
is	1
perfect,	1
but	1
without	1
proper	1
volume	1
they're	1
absolutely	1
USELESS.	1
Cell	1
phone	1
signal	1
only	1
got	1
a	1
small	1
boost	1
if	1
placed	1
almost	1
on	1
top	1
of	1
base	1
unit.	1
Well	1
constructed.	1
When	1
i	1
was	1
at	1
my	1
mail	1
box	1
i	1
was	1
still	1
connected	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
i	1
just	1
had	1
to	1
turn	1
a	1
certain	1
way	1
and	1
i	1
could	1
hear	1
what	1
the	1
person	1
was	1
saying.	1
Does	1
What	1
It	1
Promises	1
...	1
I'm	1
buying	1
another	1
one.	1
but	1
the	1
plug	1
portion	1
broke	1
off	1
inside	1
the	1
charger	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Best	1
case	1
of	1
the	1
lot.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
husband	1
and	1
he	1
loved	1
it!	1
Best	1
Product	1
Ever.	1
This	1
thing	1
is	1
pretty	1
but	1
it	1
echo's	1
horribly	1
and	1
makes	1
the	1
callers	1
who	1
i	1
talk	1
with	1
annoyed	1
because	1
it	1
keeps	1
making	1
their	1
voice	1
echo	1
Very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
So	1
we	1
tried	1
it	1
again	1
on	1
the	1
road	1
when	1
we	1
were	1
over	1
10	1
miles	1
apart,	1
but	1
could	1
only	1
get	1
the	1
same	1
results.	1
Secondly	1
about	1
its	1
batterly	1
life,	1
it	1
doesnt	1
hold	1
charge	1
more	1
than	1
2	1
hr	1
or	1
so.	1
Its	1
amazingly	1
slim,	1
almost	1
the	1
thickness	1
of	1
a	1
cd	1
case.	1
Incredibly	1
versatile.	1
Stupid.The	1
volume	1
levels	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
too	1
low.	1
Hesitant	1
to	1
buy	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
price.	1
Breaks	1
very	1
easy.	1
So,	1
no	1
voice	1
dialing.	1
This	1
is	1
unacceptable	1
in	1
a	1
consumer	1
device.Poor	1
software	1
quality	1
and	1
design	1
makes	1
the	1
Treo	1
650	1
a	1
hard	1
device	1
to	1
rely	1
on.	1
I	1
was	1
really	1
disappointed	1
with	1
these.	1
It	1
is	1
made	1
of	1
a	1
flexible	1
vinyl/rubber(not	1
a	1
hard	1
case),	1
not	1
like	1
those	1
silicone	1
ones	1
that	1
stick	1
in	1
your	1
pocket	1
and	1
attract	1
lint.	1
Very	1
unreliable	1
service.	1
It's	1
just	1
too	1
uncomfortable	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
wasn't	1
an	1
improvement	1
over	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
laptop.	1
This	1
bluetooth	1
is	1
perfect.	1
not	1
as	1
described.	1
Id	1
bump	1
the	1
star	1
up	1
if	1
I	1
could	1
but	1
not	1
over	1
3.	1
It	1
looks	1
kinda	1
cool,	1
but	1
it's	1
actually	1
sized	1
for	1
a	1
rather	1
large	1
ear	1
and	1
gives	1
me	1
two	1
headaches	1
Buy	1
this	1
headset...	1
especially	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
newer	1
RAZR	1
phone;	1
you	1
won't	1
be	1
sorry!	1
Seems	1
like	1
this	1
phone	1
comes	1
from	1
another	1
brand.	1
After	1
a	1
year	1
the	1
ear	1
loop	1
broke,	1
ok	1
I	1
have	1
3	1
more,	1
but	1
they	1
are	1
all	1
different	1
size	1
and	1
different	1
ear.	1
The	1
case	1
however	1
was	1
a	1
loss	1
and	1
is	1
now	1
sitting	1
in	1
a	1
drawer	1
not	1
being	1
used.	1
Bought	1
2,	1
one	1
for	1
each	1
of	1
our	1
RazR	1
cell	1
phones,	1
with	1
shipping	1
for	1
under	1
$15.	1
So,	1
my	1
tip	1
is	1
buy	1
only	1
for	1
the	1
leather	1
cover	1
because	1
the	1
two	1
other	1
products	1
are	1
pieces	1
of	1
worthless	1
junk.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use,	1
extremely	1
simple	1
set	1
up.	1
Only	1
a	1
few	1
would	1
want	1
to	1
buy	1
each	1
cover	1
individually,	1
just	1
to	1
costomize	1
their	1
m100.	1
THEY	1
WORKED	1
IN	1
THE	1
HOUSE!..RECEPTION	1
IS	1
GOOD.	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
one	1
of	1
those	1
dorks	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
convenience	1
and	1
increased	1
productivity.	1
Didn't	1
fit	1
correctly.	1
My	1
usable	1
memory	1
went	1
from	1
5	1
mb	1
to	1
almost	1
11mb,	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
now	1
completely	1
stable.	1
Please	1
remember	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
no	1
noise	1
cancelling	1
on	1
the	1
mic,	1
therefore	1
the	1
mic	1
picks	1
up	1
everything,	1
and	1
does	1
it	1
very	1
well,	1
including	1
wind,	1
radio,	1
etc.	1
I	1
was	1
NEVER	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
once	1
without	1
it	1
falling	1
off	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
being	1
severely	1
uncomfortable.Plain	1
and	1
simple...	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
(in	1
my	1
opinion)	1
The	1
new	1
V600	1
from	1
Motorola	1
finally	1
arrived.	1
Looks	1
great.	1
I	1
paid	1
for	1
broadband	1
access	1
but	1
the	1
majority	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
was	1
on	1
the	1
slower	1
national	1
access.	1
too	1
many	1
software	1
glitches.	1
WILL	1
NEVER	1
BUY	1
AGAIN.	1
Reading	1
E-books	1
and	1
reviewing	1
my	1
vacation	1
pictures	1
is	1
a	1
joy	1
now.	1
Great	1
Customer	1
Service!.	1
Very	1
Nice	1
Product..	1
This	1
product	1
does	1
what	1
is	1
claims	1
to	1
do.	1
Fits	1
really	1
well	1
with	1
no	1
obstruction	1
to	1
cables	1
or	1
camera.	1
Even	1
though	1
the	1
advertising	1
states	1
they	1
are	1
an	1
"Ultimate	1
Stereo	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset"	1
and	1
as	1
personally	1
stated	1
by	1
an	1
online	1
rep.	1
Not	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
a	1
BT	1
computer	1
tho.	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
gives	1
people	1
an	1
opportunity	1
to	1
converse	1
privately	1
without	1
using	1
words	1
and	1
also	1
for	1
anyone	1
who	1
has	1
any	1
medical	1
problems	1
too.	1
Why	1
pay	1
$120	1
if	1
there's	1
no	1
added	1
value?	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
many	1
bluetooth	1
units	1
and	1
were	1
never	1
satisfied.	1
Also,	1
I	1
can't	1
seem	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
infrared	1
port	1
working.	1
woohh...it	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
phone....it	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
by	1
all.....	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
phone	1
case	1
looks	1
so	1
nice	1
and	1
it	1
gives	1
great	1
protecton	1
for	1
the	1
Droid.	1
parts	1
missing.	1
You	1
must	1
use	1
this	1
with	1
your	1
EnV	1
to	1
convert	1
a	1
Headset.	1
The	1
range	1
and	1
battery	1
life	1
on	1
this	1
is	1
positive	1
though..	1
Trust	1
me	1
it	1
really	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
earpiece	1
for	1
my	1
daughter	1
for	1
Christmas.	1
Good	1
for	1
activity.	1
Yaa	1
maybe	1
if	1
all	1
I	1
did	1
from	1
morning	1
till	1
evening	1
was	1
dialing	1
their	1
cust	1
service	1
line.	1
Once	1
I	1
began	1
using	1
it	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
after	1
2	1
days	1
the	1
ear	1
loop	1
spring	1
gets	1
loose	1
and	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
starts	1
swinging	1
wildly	1
on	1
your	1
ear.	1
Prior	1
phones	1
were	1
from	1
Nokia	1
and	1
Siemens.	1
And	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
AT&T	1
-	1
Stick	1
to	1
Verizon	1
or	1
Sprint.	1
There	1
are	1
usb	1
cables	1
that	1
charge	1
and	1
are	1
also	1
data	1
cables	1
for	1
this	1
phone,	1
but	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
it	1
separately.	1
The	1
volume	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
louder	1
but	1
overall	1
-it's	1
the	1
bomb!	1
It's	1
camera	1
and	1
video	1
is	1
what	1
one	1
would	1
expect;	1
however	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
flash	1
which	1
many	1
camera's	1
on	1
cell	1
phones	1
don't	1
have.	1
I've	1
had	1
three	1
headsets	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
best.	1
After	1
nine	1
months	1
my	1
antenna	1
stuck	1
inside	1
and	1
would	1
not	1
come	1
out	1
again.	1
It	1
does	1
a	1
fine	1
job	1
at	1
taking	1
the	1
music	1
from	1
the	1
tape	1
to	1
a	1
digital	1
format	1
and	1
the	1
CD	1
sounds	1
as	1
good	1
or	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
tape.	1
I	1
ordered	1
6	1
of	1
these	1
and	1
had	1
to	1
pay	1
shipping	1
on	1
each	1
one.	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
people	1
fine	1
but	1
they	1
complained	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
always	1
braking	1
up.	1
It	1
works	1
with	1
skype	1
and	1
any	1
other	1
windows	1
program.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
break	1
it	1
down	1
into	1
about	1
seven	1
files	1
to	1
be	1
sure	1
the	1
files	1
would	1
fit	1
on	1
a	1
CD.	1
Only	1
problems	1
is	1
that	1
,	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
that	1
the	1
noise	1
is	1
down	1
to	1
a	1
mininum	1
in	1
order	1
for	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
hear	1
you.	1
Works	1
well	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
didn't	1
bother	1
to	1
exchange.	1
So	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
thing	1
as	1
a	1
replacement.	1
we	1
paid	1
the	1
promo	1
price	1
of	1
24.99	1
for	1
the	1
i205's.	1
This	1
was	1
this	1
past	1
Thurs.	1
difficult	1
to	1
install.	1
**I	1
am	1
not	1
sure	1
what	1
went	1
wrong,	1
Coby	1
or	1
car's	1
cassette	1
player??	1
AT	1
&	1
T	1
no	1
longer	1
sells	1
this	1
product	1
but	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
the	1
sims	1
card	1
that	1
I	1
have.	1
You	1
can	1
now	1
do	1
everything	1
with	1
a	1
pocket	1
PC.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
If	1
I	1
wanted	1
that	1
experience,	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
just	1
used	1
the	1
pay	1
phone	1
at	1
the	1
7-11.	1
Looks	1
great	1
too.	1
Poor	1
outgoing	1
quality,	1
unreliable.	1
Please	1
cancel	1
necessary	1
phone	1
and	1
service	1
plan	1
packages	1
from	1
your	1
order.	1
I	1
found	1
myself	1
saying	1
hello	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
times	1
at	1
first	1
but	1
now	1
I	1
am	1
used	1
to	1
it,	1
that	1
is	1
a	1
small	1
difference	1
between	1
Bluetooth	1
and	1
a	1
wired	1
headset.	1
Great	1
Service.	1
Dissapointed.	1
I	1
am	1
able	1
to	1
drive	1
and	1
talk	1
hands	1
free.	1
A	1
tradiotional	1
American	1
CON	1
JOB.	1
This	1
cable	1
is	1
not	1
an	1
official	1
one	1
from	1
Sony	1
but	1
gets	1
the	1
job	1
done.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
the	1
least	1
obtrusive	1
and	1
most	1
comfortable	1
case	1
of	1
all,	1
IMHO.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
Not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
wired	1
headset	1
but	1
good	1
enough.	1
I	1
was	1
sent	1
broken	1
phone.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
a	1
gimmick.	1
Very	1
disappointed.	1
Great	1
clear	1
simple	1
headset.	1
If	1
I	1
wear	1
a	1
jacket	1
with	1
a	1
higher	1
collar,	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
roll	1
it	1
down	1
to	1
pevent	1
rubbing	1
and	1
making	1
lots	1
of	1
noise.	1
Having	1
a	1
clear	1
and	1
understandable	1
conversation	1
is	1
very	1
important	1
for	1
me	1
and	1
my	1
customers.	1
The	1
menu	1
system	1
works	1
very	1
similar	1
to	1
the	1
ipod	1
as	1
well,	1
which	1
I	1
have	1
grown	1
accustomed	1
to.	1
Do	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
say	1
more?Larry	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
okay.	1
Overall	1
it's	1
great,	1
if	1
there's	1
one	1
drawback	1
it's	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
connection	1
each	1
time	1
you	1
get	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
but	1
that	1
only	1
takes	1
a	1
few	1
seconds.	1
It	1
starts	1
to	1
pinch	1
after	1
a	1
while	1
of	1
wear.	1
Great	1
for	1
Ipod.	1
What	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
crap.	1
Not	1
so	1
much	1
a	1
phone	1
as	1
a	1
music	1
player.	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
a	1
PS3,	1
its	1
not	1
worth	1
it.	1
great	1
deal!	1
There	1
are	1
about	1
6	1
volume	1
settings.	1
Not	1
anymore...ALL	1
your	1
pictures	1
are	1
sharp	1
and	1
clear	1
after	1
download.	1
What	1
the	1
heck	1
is	1
that!	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
from	1
Amazon.com	1
with	1
a	1
contract	1
from	1
T-Mobile.After	1
1	1
year	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
my	1
third	1
V300.	1
Nothing	1
but	1
aggravation!!.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
had	1
any	1
complaints	1
about	1
people	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
hear	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
to	1
talk	1
with.	1
Even	1
if	1
it	1
didnt	1
have	1
the	1
camera	1
or	1
mp3	1
player,	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
bought	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
nice	1
size	1
and	1
easibility	1
of	1
the	1
browsing	1
through	1
the	1
menues.	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
So	1
all	1
LCD	1
displays	1
are	1
not	1
alike	1
.	1
If	1
you	1
buy	1
the	1
extended-life	1
battery,	1
the	1
Q	1
is	1
no	1
longer	1
slim	1
and	1
thus	1
loses	1
one	1
of	1
its	1
chief	1
benefits.	1
Actually,	1
we	1
have	1
the	1
original	1
over	1
ear	1
quiet	1
comfort,	1
but	1
the	1
headphones	1
sound	1
even	1
better.	1
You	1
must	1
adjust	1
the	1
volume	1
lower	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
so	1
effective.	1
Some	1
are	1
Cool.	1
I	1
find	1
that	1
with	1
the	1
choice	1
of	1
three	1
different	1
ear	1
pieces	1
you	1
can	1
be	1
really	1
comfortable	1
too.	1
yay	1
battery.	1
I	1
started	1
receiving	1
a	1
solid	1
2-3	1
bars	1
in	1
the	1
large	1
recreation	1
room	1
where	1
I	1
put	1
the	1
booster	1
and	1
2	1
bars	1
in	1
the	1
adjacent	1
bedrooms.	1
But	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
anyone	1
would	1
complain.Next	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
discovery	1
975.	1
The	1
device	1
they	1
sent	1
me	1
is	1
NOT	1
a	1
Samsung	1
OEM	1
Data	1
Cable	1
and	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
with	1
a	1
Samsung	1
Blackjack.	1
This	1
phone	1
dropped	1
LITERALLY	1
every	1
call	1
I	1
made.	1
That's	1
through	1
two	1
doors	1
and	1
about	1
30	1
feet.	1
The	1
plastic	1
seems	1
kind	1
of	1
cheap,	1
which	1
is	1
probably	1
what	1
makes	1
the	1
thing	1
so	1
light,	1
you	1
barely	1
even	1
notice	1
you	1
have	1
it	1
on.	1
This	1
device	1
paired	1
easily	1
with	1
my	1
Treo	1
650.	1
I	1
get	1
airtime	1
credit	1
with	1
my	1
credit	1
card	1
and	1
its's	1
great.	1
Today	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
(just	1
arrived!)	1
In	1
addition,	1
videos	1
are	1
saved	1
in	1
Quicktime's	1
mp4	1
format,	1
which	1
my	1
experience	1
has	1
shown	1
to	1
be	1
far	1
superior	1
to	1
Windows'	1
wma.	1
It	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
Note2	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
not.	1
The	1
range	1
is	1
suppose	1
to	1
be	1
50	1
feet.	1
It	1
failed	1
to	1
provide	1
enough	1
power	1
to	1
even	1
make	1
calls	1
when	1
plugged	1
in.	1
Works	1
Great.	1
The	1
belt	1
holder	1
I	1
purchased	1
from	1
my	1
mobile	1
dealer	1
is	1
less	1
than	1
ideal	1
and	1
didn't	1
hold	1
my	1
phone	1
snugly.	1
Again,	1
this	1
sometimes	1
is	1
the	1
fault	1
of	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
not	1
always.	1
Otherwise,	1
no	1
"tunnel"	1
experiences	1
or	1
other	1
problems.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
terrible	1
battery	1
life,	1
a	1
big	1
sacrifice	1
for	1
the	1
thin	1
profile.	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
I	1
had	1
was	1
the	1
LG	1
PM325,	1
and	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
a	1
lot	1
until	1
I	1
broke	1
it	1
(which	1
was	1
entirely	1
my	1
fault,	1
not	1
a	1
flaw	1
of	1
the	1
phone).	1
My	1
husband	1
also	1
bought	1
one	1
and	1
his	1
works	1
wonderfully.	1
So	1
far	1
it	1
has	1
paired	1
automatically	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
(LG	1
vx9900	1
and	1
Moto	1
V710)	1
%100	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
in	1
about	1
2	1
seconds.	1
you	1
should	1
realize	1
yourself	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
live	1
in	1
the	1
deserts	1
of	1
Nevada	1
you	1
will	1
not	1
have	1
the	1
greatest	1
service.	1
Moto	1
Battery	1
V3	1
Razr.	1
I	1
will	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
anyone	1
who	1
loves	1
there	1
sony	1
and	1
wants	1
a	1
scratch	1
free	1
screen.	1
Broken	1
After	1
2	1
Months.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
third	1
Motorola,	1
all	1
three	1
being	1
disapointing.	1
People	1
tell	1
me	1
that	1
they	1
can't	1
tell	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
a	1
headset	1
and	1
that	1
is	1
important	1
for	1
my	1
job.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
people	1
who	1
work	1
and	1
play	1
hard,	1
and	1
want	1
a	1
phone	1
-	1
not	1
a	1
pea	1
sized	1
laptop.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
the	1
power	1
supply	1
separately.	1
My	1
faceplate	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
brown-toned	1
and	1
didn't	1
have	1
any	1
black	1
like	1
the	1
online	1
image	1
depicts.	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
more	1
positive	1
than	1
negative	1
traits.	1
Recently	1
it	1
started	1
just	1
turning	1
off	1
in	1
mid	1
call,	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
every	1
day.	1
The	1
higher	1
the	1
volume,	1
the	1
louder	1
the	1
background	1
noise,	1
which	1
probably	1
stands	1
to	1
reason.	1
Enjoy	1
your	1
new	1
TracFone!	1
Slowest	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
world	1
:(.	1
Phone	1
is	1
NOT	1
that	1
important....	1
if	1
it's	1
important,	1
the	1
caller	1
can	1
leave	1
a	1
voice	1
mail	1
and	1
wait	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
finish	1
driving	1
to	1
call	1
back.	1
I	1
am	1
careful	1
with	1
my	1
devices	1
so	1
I	1
wasn't	1
worried	1
about	1
protecting	1
the	1
screen.	1
After	1
completely	1
charging	1
it	1
(phone	1
off)	1
over	1
night,	1
I	1
used	1
it,	1
but	1
it	1
had	1
a	1
shorter	1
life	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
was	1
replacing.	1
It	1
has	1
bluetooth,	1
wirelessLAN,	1
GPRS,	1
EDGE,	1
IrDA	1
and	1
all	1
you	1
may	1
need..	1
One	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
feature	1
is	1
its	1
builtin	1
large&backlit	1
keyboard.	1
Best	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset!!.	1
I	1
lost	1
it	1
and	1
bought	1
another.	1
EXCELLENT	1
for	1
the	1
price!!!.	1
The	1
cord,	1
of	1
course,	1
fell	1
apart	1
after	1
the	1
return	1
date	1
so	1
I'm	1
stuck.I	1
really	1
don't	1
recommend	1
this	1
cord.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend.	1
Verizon	1
has	1
provided	1
me	1
with	1
a	1
new	1
VX7000	1
however	1
I	1
lost	1
all	1
of	1
my	1
downloads.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
keep	1
syncing	1
it	1
with	1
phone	1
and	1
not	1
even	1
a	1
month	1
later	1
it	1
quit	1
working.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
company	1
to	1
others	1
and	1
would	1
use	1
it	1
again	1
myself.I	1
have	1
found	1
all	1
ear	1
pieces	1
to	1
be	1
somewhat	1
uncomfortable	1
for	1
prolonged	1
use.	1
Receiving	1
a	1
phone	1
call	1
while	1
listening	1
to	1
music	1
is	1
a	1
no-brainer	1
Great	1
improvement	1
over	1
my	1
previous	1
Motorola	1
phone.	1
Love	1
the	1
autofocus...	1
Hate	1
the	1
autofocus!	1
Be	1
wary	1
if	1
you	1
wish	1
to	1
fit	1
this	1
case	1
to	1
the	1
L6.	1
Out	1
the	1
Window!.	1
How	1
can	1
this	1
be?I	1
still	1
love	1
the	1
reception	1
of	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
my	1
service	1
area.	1
They	1
are	1
an	1
alright	1
fit	1
but	1
there	1
are	1
much	1
better	1
out	1
there.	1
Good	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
signal	1
strength...	1
for	1
the	1
6	1
months	1
it	1
worked..	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
fm	1
transmitter	1
about	1
6	1
months	1
ago	1
and	1
was	1
fairly	1
satisfied.	1
this	1
one	1
was,	1
well	1
alot	1
less	1
than	1
that.	1
terrible	1
sound	1
levels.	1
Once	1
you	1
unplug	1
the	1
phone,	1
it	1
will	1
start	1
charging.So	1
you	1
can	1
only	1
charge	1
a	1
battery	1
,	1
or	1
phone,	1
one	1
at	1
time.Frank	1
i	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
their	1
service	1
to	1
anyone	1
especially	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
kids.	1
I	1
ended	1
my	1
last	1
review	1
with	1
DON'T	1
GET	1
A	1
RAZR	1
FOR	1
ANY	1
REASON!	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
is	1
how	1
the	1
ear	1
hook	1
sits	1
over	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
Walmart	1
and	1
tried	1
the	1
other	1
two	1
they	1
had	1
in	1
stock,	1
and	1
they	1
all	1
suffered	1
from	1
the	1
same	1
problem.	1
I	1
HATE	1
THIS	1
PHONE!	1
Palm	1
750	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
so	1
far.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
from	1
here!	1
You	1
can	1
purchase	1
software	1
to	1
help	1
u/l	1
and	1
d/l	1
pictures,	1
ringtones,	1
etc.	1
Amazon	1
shouldn't	1
be	1
selling	1
this.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
mostly	1
while	1
on	1
the	1
road	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
a	1
single	1
complaint	1
about	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
sound.	1
I'm	1
a	1
tech	1
geek,	1
and	1
usually	1
can	1
figure	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
fix	1
and	1
configure	1
electronics,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
seemed	1
like	1
a	1
terrible	1
option.	1
Amazing,	1
but	1
true!.	1
Dont	1
do	1
it	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
My	1
husband	1
loved	1
having	1
this	1
on	1
his	1
phone.	1
I	1
got	1
these	1
headphones	1
to	1
play	1
guitar	1
hero	1
without	1
scaring	1
my	1
neighors,	1
but	1
ended	1
up	1
using	1
them	1
with	1
my	1
whole	1
entertainment	1
center.	1
These	1
headphones	1
are	1
supposed	1
to	1
make	1
me	1
look	1
cool	1
like	1
James	1
Bond.Minor	1
complaints	1
for	1
a	1
near	1
perfect	1
product.	1
A	1
useful	1
feature.-	1
Customizable	1
Navigation	1
Key	1
assignments.	1
making	1
it	1
obvious	1
to	1
callers	1
that	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
It	1
"sunk	1
in"	1
within	1
6	1
months......tried	1
to	1
remedy	1
it,	1
but	1
no	1
such	1
luck.	1
Overall,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
with	1
good	1
sound	1
quality	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
taking	1
a	1
call	1
in	1
a	1
noisy	1
area.	1
At	1
least	1
I	1
could	1
understand	1
what	1
people	1
are	1
saying.	1
Hi,I	1
like	1
this	1
product	1
very	1
much.	1
Technically	1
Challenged.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
However,	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
difference	1
and	1
the	1
ease	1
of	1
application,	1
I	1
would	1
personally	1
go	1
with	1
the	1
Fellowes.	1
Peformance	1
ok	1
(I	1
think).	1
It's	1
like	1
a	1
silverish	1
blue	1
semi-translucent.	1
Excellent	1
price!	1
My	1
Treo's	1
reception,	1
however,	1
was	1
much	1
better.	1
I	1
use	1
them	1
with	1
my	1
iphone	1
3gs.	1
I	1
have	1
recommended	1
this	1
speaker	1
to	1
a	1
number	1
of	1
friends.	1
The	1
inside	1
is	1
soft,	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
scratch	1
the	1
phone.	1
Krusell	1
Genuine	1
Leather	1
Case	1
Classic	1
with	1
Multidapt	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W810i.	1
I	1
thought	1
to	1
myself	1
"Good	1
Lord,	1
I'm	1
getting	1
a	1
piece!"	1
Krusell-W810i.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
getting	1
another	1
headset	1
for	1
my	1
SLVR	1
because	1
people	1
had	1
a	1
hard	1
time	1
hearing	1
me.	1
The	1
V600	1
has	1
been	1
discontinued	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
so	1
buggy.	1
I	1
threw	1
the	1
remainder	1
in	1
the	1
trash	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
going	1
to	1
buy	1
something	1
else	1
tomorrow.	1
the	1
oem	1
battery	1
was	1
on	1
its	1
last	1
legs,	1
only	1
lasting	1
a	1
day.	1
Palm	1
Car	1
Charger.	1
Minimalistic.	1
i	1
love	1
this	1
bluetooth!	1
Small	1
yet	1
stylish,	1
great	1
sound	1
quality.	1
Most	1
people	1
will	1
note	1
that	1
the	1
volume	1
control	1
buttons	1
are	1
"small"	1
but	1
you	1
only	1
really	1
have	1
to	1
set	1
it	1
once-turn	1
it	1
all	1
the	1
way.	1
Buy	1
at	1
your	1
own	1
risk,	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
should	1
ever	1
ask	1
my	1
opinion,	1
I'll	1
tell	1
you	1
plainly-	1
NO!	1
However,	1
the	1
replacement	1
developed	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
problem	1
in	1
a	1
manner	1
of	1
weeks.	1
Same	1
story.......the	1
worst	1
sounding	1
phone	1
I've	1
owned	1
in	1
10	1
years.	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
operated	1
about	1
as	1
promised	1
but	1
I	1
just	1
couldn't	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
stay	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
Good	1
Design,	1
Excellent	1
Performance,	1
Shoddy	1
Manufacturing.	1
I	1
am	1
always	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
turn	1
back	1
on	1
even	1
if	1
it	1
has	1
only	1
been	1
seconds	1
between	1
calls.	1
don't	1
like	1
it.	1
Why	1
did	1
Jabra	1
have	1
to	1
discontinue?	1
!1)	1
SOOOO	1
SLOW!	1
My	1
boyfriend	1
purchased	1
these	1
eargels	1
based	1
on	1
other	1
reviews	1
on	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
BT	1
headset	1
which	1
indicated	1
that	1
these	1
could	1
assist	1
with	1
fit	1
issues.	1
Yes	1
it	1
plays	1
songs.	1
But	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
great,	1
but	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
contact	1
from	1
the	1
seller	1
would	1
make	1
me	1
think	1
twice	1
about	1
buying	1
from	1
them.	1
I	1
called	1
Platronics	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
get	1
an	1
ear	1
loop	1
and	1
used	1
my	1
call	1
to	1
outline	1
my	1
disappointment.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
dash	1
mount	1
for	1
my	1
and	1
my	1
wife's	1
car.	1
It	1
makes	1
browsing	1
the	1
internet	1
a	1
true	1
pleasure,	1
which	1
says	1
a	1
lot	1
for	1
a	1
flip	1
phone.	1
Better	1
off	1
buying	1
a	1
really	1
powerful	1
megaphone.....	1
Terrible	1
phone	1
in	1
general.	1
You	1
just	1
can't	1
beat	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
finally	1
figured	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
right.	1
This	1
is	1
completely	1
incorrect.	1
My	1
phone	1
has	1
taken	1
well	1
over	1
120	1
photos	1
of	1
my	1
pocket,	1
my	1
fingers,	1
blurred	1
scenes	1
and	1
random	1
unintended	1
places.	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
do	1
a	1
handy	1
pro/con	1
list.Pros:-Pretty	1
design,	1
very	1
shiny	1
and	1
sleek.-Huge	1
vibrant	1
screen.-Durable.	1
For	1
$13	1
it's	1
worth	1
it	1
minus	1
the	1
ear	1
hook	1
issue.	1
The	1
phones	1
bluetooth	1
i	1
have	1
not	1
tried	1
out	1
yet	1
but	1
i	1
will	1
be	1
buying	1
a	1
handset	1
soon.	1
When	1
I	1
did	1
get	1
it	1
in	1
good	1
enough,	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
hear.	1
The	1
flip-up	1
screen	1
raises	1
the	1
center	1
of	1
gravity	1
and	1
makes	1
the	1
phone	1
want	1
to	1
fall	1
out	1
of	1
your	1
hand.	1
Hold	1
a	1
good	1
charge	1
and	1
does	1
what	1
you	1
want.My	1
last	1
battery	1
is	1
still	1
pretty	1
good	1
(about	1
65%	1
of	1
what	1
the	1
new	1
battery	1
does)	1
and	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
very	1
often.	1
Especially	1
considering	1
so	1
many	1
people	1
break	1
their	1
cases	1
here	1
at	1
my	1
company.	1
Even	1
though	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
for	1
free	1
with	1
some	1
Verizon	1
promotions	1
it	1
wasn't	1
worth	1
keeping.CONS*	1
High	1
pitch	1
whistling	1
sound	1
during	1
phone	1
conversations.	1
It's	1
not	1
working	1
with	1
Cingular	1
LG	1
CU	1
500.	1
Many	1
phone	1
calls	1
were	1
missed	1
because	1
of	1
this.	1
It	1
helped	1
me	1
make	1
a	1
good	1
choice.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
the	1
fit	1
is	1
comfortable.	1
Good	1
Enough.	1
Even	1
with	1
these	1
cons	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
eons	1
ahead	1
of	1
other	1
phones.EDIT	1
Silver	1
gives	1
the	1
Palm	1
user	1
a	1
look	1
of	1
someone	1
who	1
is	1
sophisticate	1
and	1
intelligent.	1
it	1
just	1
was	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
(	1
Different	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
works	1
fine	1
).	1
the	1
product	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
Treo	1
700	1
phone.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
phone	1
four	1
months	1
ago	1
and	1
my	1
main	1
criteria	1
were	1
Awful	1
for	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end..	1
This	1
device	1
is	1
very	1
compact	1
and	1
incredibly	1
lightweight.	1
Many	1
of	1
the	1
people	1
who	1
are	1
complaining	1
have	1
not	1
downloaded	1
the	1
latest	1
phone	1
software	1
update.	1
The	1
reception	1
slightly	1
improved	1
but	1
the	1
phone	1
still	1
dropped	1
many	1
calls.The	1
cell	1
phone	1
ringer	1
is	1
extremely	1
quiet	1
and	1
the	1
vibrator	1
very	1
weak.	1
Am	1
most	1
pleased	1
with	1
it!	1
A	1
charger	1
for	1
2	1
bucks	1
and	1
a	1
8	1
buck	1
shipping,	1
now	1
if	1
i	1
pay	1
$5	1
more	1
i	1
can	1
send	1
it	1
back	1
and	1
maybe	1
end	1
up	1
with	1
the	1
right	1
charger,	1
MAYBE.	1
Get	1
T-Mobile's	1
myFaves	1
if	1
you	1
tend	1
to	1
call	1
your	1
tight-knit	1
circle	1
of	1
friends	1
a	1
lot.	1
Its	1
not	1
what	1
you	1
expect.	1
Doesn't	1
work.	1
Compared	1
to	1
the	1
razr,	1
the	1
slvr's	1
keypad	1
is	1
extremely	1
difficult	1
to	1
use.	1
Bummed	1
out	1
when	1
the	1
mp3player	1
on	1
the	1
chocolate	1
wouldnt	1
transmit	1
to	1
the	1
headset	1
only	1
the	1
wired	1
headphones.	1
Connections	1
within	1
urban	1
areas	1
and	1
on	1
interstates	1
(except	1
I-86)	1
are	1
clearer	1
than	1
Verizon.	1
The	1
other	1
probelm	1
is	1
the	1
leather	1
flap	1
gets	1
weak	1
over	1
time	1
and	1
cracks	1
and	1
eventually	1
will	1
tear.	1
They	1
don't	1
fit	1
a	1
Voyager	1
Pro.	1
Poor	1
Product	1
Not	1
Worthy	1
of	1
Your	1
Money.	1
But	1
as	1
this	1
model	1
is	1
EXTREMELY	1
lightweight	1
I	1
prefer	1
the	1
headband	1
it	1
came	1
with	1
anyhow.	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
Samsung	1
WEP-200	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
unconfortable	1
that	1
it	1
made	1
my	1
ear	1
sore	1
after	1
wearing.	1
but	1
be	1
aware	1
of	1
the	1
defects.	1
Skip	1
this	1
one.	1
Certainly	1
can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price;	1
even	1
when	1
I	1
could	1
FIND	1
one	1
locally	1
it	1
was	1
at	1
least	1
$20.	1
This	1
antenna	1
did	1
not	1
make	1
any	1
improvement	1
in	1
the	1
cellular	1
signal	1
when	1
I	1
mounted	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
vehicle.	1
Works	1
poorly,	1
and	1
only	1
for	1
a	1
while.	1
It	1
does	1
all	1
that	1
I	1
hoped	1
it	1
would	1
do.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
about	1
three	1
months	1
now,	1
and	1
while	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
intensely	1
dissatisfied,	1
it	1
is	1
certainly	1
nothing	1
special.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
three	1
different	1
brands	1
in	1
my	1
quest	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
podcasts	1
while	1
driving.	1
I	1
wrote	1
the	1
company	1
about	1
my	1
concerns	1
but	1
never	1
received	1
a	1
response.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
horrible.	1
There	1
is	1
an	1
alarm	1
clock,	1
calendar	1
and	1
notepad	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
phone,	1
however,	1
the	1
calendar	1
does	1
not	1
sync	1
with	1
any	1
software	1
you	1
already	1
own.	1
In	1
my	1
main	1
living	1
space,	1
I	1
was	1
getting	1
a	1
RSSI	1
of	1
-102,	1
with	1
0-1	1
bars	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
(and	1
many	1
dropped	1
calls).	1
The	1
card	1
doesn't	1
even	1
come	1
in	1
the	1
factory	1
packaging	1
as	1
described.	1
So,	1
once	1
the	1
fuse	1
goes	1
its	1
time	1
to	1
get	1
another	1
charger.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
holster	1
for	1
a	1
week	1
now	1
with	1
no	1
problems.	1
Bluetooth	1
&	1
Software	1
Problems.	1
A	1
bad	1
fit....	1
The	1
overall	1
features	1
of	1
this	1
product	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
just	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for,	1
however,	1
features	1
aside,	1
the	1
unit	1
was	1
a	1
bad	1
fit	1
for	1
me.	1
When	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
full	1
charge	1
I	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
a	1
day	1
before	1
it	1
goes	1
dead,	1
and	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
quite	1
often.	1
(at	1
least	1
so	1
far).	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
car	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
Different	1
Case	1
Received.	1
I	1
begins	1
to	1
degrade	1
rapidly	1
at	1
4	1
to	1
6	1
feet	1
with	1
no	1
obstacles	1
in	1
between	1
me	1
and	1
the	1
phone,	1
which	1
is	1
significantly	1
less	1
distance	1
than	1
I	1
expected.	1
Bendable	1
earhook	1
seems	1
flimsy	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
after	1
taking	1
the	1
time	1
to	1
adjust/form	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
earshape	1
I	1
see	1
the	1
wisdom	1
of	1
this	1
design.	1
The	1
Phone	1
also	1
has	1
expandable	1
transflash	1
memory,	1
not	1
included	1
by	1
Cingular,	1
and	1
can	1
hold	1
up	1
to	1
a	1
1GB	1
card.7.	1
Unusable	1
in	1
car.	1
My	1
opinion	1
is	1
based	1
on	1
having	1
Verizon	1
service	1
for	1
five	1
years	1
and	1
using	1
several	1
phones	1
(LG	1
and	1
Motorola).	1
Complete	1
silence	1
on	1
their	1
end.	1
With	1
the	1
mail	1
in	1
rebate	1
we	1
got	1
the	1
case	1
free	1
when	1
we	1
bought	1
the	1
Zire.	1
The	1
case	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
properly.	1
That's	1
a	1
much	1
better	1
device	1
and	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
extra	1
money.	1
I	1
think	1
Cingular	1
made	1
a	1
mistake	1
bringing	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
After	1
switching	1
credit	1
cards,	1
I've	1
spent	1
days	1
trying	1
to	1
give	1
them	1
the	1
new	1
number	1
to	1
bill	1
to,	1
with	1
no	1
luck.	1
I	1
purchased	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
chargers	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
price.	1
The	1
clips	1
also	1
rub	1
against	1
the	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
that	1
is	1
exposed	1
(the	1
hinge	1
where	1
the	1
phone	1
folds).	1
At	1
first	1
it	1
worked	1
great.	1
Now	1
good	1
price..	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
4-8	1
hours	1
every	1
day	1
with	1
no	1
problems.	1
A	1
side	1
effect	1
of	1
all	1
this,	1
is	1
a	1
tremendous	1
drain	1
on	1
the	1
Q's	1
battery.	1
good	1
thing	1
it	1
was	1
cheap.	1
There	1
aren't	1
any	1
"real"	1
instructions,	1
and	1
when	1
you	1
connect	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
the	1
USB	1
and	1
the	1
smallest	1
CD,	1
nothing	1
happens...yet!	1
I	1
could	1
have	1
saved	1
myself	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
time	1
if	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
Amazon	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
It	1
makes	1
it	1
much	1
easier	1
to	1
hear	1
while	1
in	1
a	1
noisy	1
car.	1
The	1
V551	1
is	1
half	1
the	1
cost	1
of	1
the	1
RAZR,	1
reliable,	1
better	1
sound	1
and	1
uses	1
a	1
standard	1
Moto	1
charger.	1
I	1
returned	1
mine	1
as	1
soon	1
as	1
I	1
found	1
out	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
genuine.	1
So	1
the	1
trackphone	1
with	1
these	1
prepaid	1
airtime	1
cards	1
was	1
perfect.	1
Fits	1
nice	1
and	1
tight.	1
It's	1
still	1
working	1
great.	1
You	1
can't	1
use	1
the	1
keypad	1
with	1
the	1
case	1
door	1
closed.2.	1
Works	1
great.	1
People	1
could	1
hear	1
me,	1
but	1
I	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
them.	1
I	1
will	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
service.	1
A	1
great	1
idea.	1
I	1
didn't	1
hear	1
you,	1
what	1
did	1
you	1
say?	1
Worked	1
Great!.	1
Although	1
this	1
pouch	1
is	1
designed	1
BlackBerry	1
8700	1
and	1
8703,	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
BB	1
Curve	1
(8300)	1
as	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
one	1
that's	1
made	1
for	1
the	1
curve.	1
My	1
original	1
version	1
burned	1
out	1
on	1
one	1
ear	1
earpiece.	1
Okay,	1
definitely	1
not	1
great.	1
Basically	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
recharge	1
the	1
phone	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
connection.	1
I	1
love	1
that	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
three	1
different	1
sizes	1
for	1
each	1
ear-	1
although	1
I	1
do	1
only	1
use	1
one	1
size	1
I	1
happen	1
to	1
alternate	1
ears.	1
It	1
does	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
do.	1
ear	1
bud	1
is	1
over	1
sized	1
and	1
uncomfortable	1
-	1
don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
The	1
only	1
one	1
that	1
will	1
work	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
two	1
bluetooth	1
phones.	1
The	1
speed	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
or	1
slightly	1
faster	1
than	1
a	1
typical	1
dial	1
up.	1
Great	1
in	1
the	1
car!	1
GPS	1
not	1
routing.	1
Secondly	1
the	1
speaker	1
phone	1
function	1
is	1
completely	1
useless	1
unless	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
dead	1
silent	1
area,	1
otherwise	1
it	1
isnt	1
loud	1
enough.	1
The	1
Wireless	1
Xcessories	1
one	1
from	1
Amazon	1
was	1
nicer,	1
same	1
price,	1
works	1
fine.	1
I	1
called	1
Amazon	1
and	1
they	1
sent	1
another	1
complete	1
kit.	1
This	1
is	1
gerat.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
junk.	1
There	1
is	1
NOTHING	1
like	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
market	1
and	1
the	1
T-mobile	1
service	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
pleasant	1
surprise.	1
I	1
feel	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
been	1
warned	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
model	1
for	1
CHinese	1
market!	1
If	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
it	1
super	1
cheap	1
then	1
get	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
them,	1
because	1
that's	1
the	1
only	1
way	1
you'll	1
see	1
a	1
massive	1
change.	1
The	1
support	1
people	1
could	1
not	1
email	1
me	1
or	1
send	1
me	1
a	1
direct	1
link	1
to	1
the	1
firmware	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
"an	1
international	1
phone".Update	1
Amazon	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
find	1
it	1
and	1
ship	1
it	1
1-2-3.	1
Bluetooth	1
Sucks	1
on	1
all	1
Treos!.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
the	1
oportunity	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
product	1
as	1
yet,	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
rewiew	1
it.	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
why	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
raving	1
about	1
the	1
product	1
was	1
the	1
instruction	1
for	1
installing	1
was	1
not	1
crystal	1
clear.	1
I	1
received	1
my	1
order	1
in	1
3	1
days	1
via	1
UPS.	1
Bought	1
this	1
to	1
replace	1
a	1
3	1
year	1
old	1
original	1
battery.	1
(The	1
earpieces	1
tend	1
to	1
jumble	1
the	1
sound	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
difficulty	1
understanding	1
people.	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
huawei	1
ascend	1
m860	1
which	1
has	1
an	1
2.5mm	1
plug	1
for	1
music.	1
Go	1
about	1
10	1
feet	1
and	1
the	1
signal	1
goes	1
back	1
down	1
to	1
1	1
to	1
2	1
to	1
roaming,	1
this	1
is	1
line	1
of	1
sight	1
of	1
the	1
base	1
unit.	1
I	1
emailed	1
the	1
sales	1
department	1
but	1
never	1
got	1
a	1
reply.	1
This	1
thing	1
is	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
good	1
money..	1
It	1
works	1
fine	1
when	1
people	1
call	1
me,	1
but	1
when	1
I	1
call	1
people	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work	1
50%	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
Works	1
fine	1
so	1
far....	1
I	1
bought	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
like	1
a	1
year	1
ago	1
for	1
(I	1
think)	1
around	1
$1.	1
The	1
SK2	1
is	1
great,	1
FOR	1
WHAT	1
IT	1
IS!	1
2)	1
When	1
the	1
phone	1
hits	1
the	1
ground	1
the	1
battery	1
flies	1
out	1
>50%	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
Thus,	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
case	1
that	1
would	1
retain	1
those	1
feature	1
while	1
protecting	1
the	1
phone.	1
Cingular	1
provides	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
web	1
access	1
and	1
you	1
cant	1
use	1
either	1
on	1
a	1
unlocked	1
phone.	1
My	1
wife	1
loves	1
it!.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
hear	1
my	1
old	1
cell	1
phone	1
(nokia	1
3390)	1
ring	1
from	1
upstairs.	1
It	1
did	1
not	1
meet	1
OEM	1
specifications.	1
Because	1
Motorola	1
OEM	1
batteries	1
are	1
made	1
in	1
Japan.	1
Everything	1
has	1
a	1
bluish	1
purple	1
cast.	1
Compact;	1
Not	1
much	1
thicker	1
than	1
the	1
phone.	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
in	1
my	1
car's	1
tape	1
player.	1
I	1
again	1
went	1
to	1
a	1
Sprint	1
store	1
where	1
it	1
was	1
tested	1
as	1
being	1
bad.	1
I	1
guess	1
that	1
Verizon	1
service	1
must	1
really	1
suck.	1
Nice	1
form	1
factor,	1
too	1
bad	1
I	1
can't	1
hear	1
anything.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
glad	1
to	1
buy	1
it	1
Nice	1
phone,	1
Cingular	1
dissapointing.	1
I	1
feel	1
like	1
my	1
jaw	1
is	1
floating	1
up	1
and	1
away	1
from	1
my	1
face.	1
Bad	1
ergonomics.	1
So	1
much	1
for	1
hands	1
free	1
-	1
I	1
might	1
as	1
well	1
be	1
holding	1
the	1
phone.3.	1
I	1
had	1
it	1
up	1
and	1
operational	1
within	1
about	1
5	1
minutes.	1
The	1
color	1
is	1
more	1
of	1
a	1
burgandy	1
not	1
Red.	1
i	1
like	1
that	1
i	1
can	1
sync	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
case.	1
No	1
such	1
thing	1
as	1
having	1
an	1
extra	1
battery	1
on	1
a	1
trip,	1
for	1
example.Internet	1
browsing	1
is	1
cool,	1
but	1
so	1
slow	1
you	1
think	1
it	1
stopped	1
working.	1
Delivery	1
was	1
as	1
indicated	1
by	1
the	1
vendor.	1
It's	1
a	1
design	1
disaster.	1
This	1
listing	1
should	1
be	1
changed	1
and	1
the	1
dealer	1
should	1
exchange	1
them.	1
and	1
can	1
make	1
your	1
own	1
ringtones	1
with.	1
nice	1
design...but	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
mediocre.	1
Not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
a	1
standard	1
issue	1
digital	1
camera.	1
This	1
charger	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
iPhone	1
3GS.	1
(If	1
you	1
find	1
one	1
please	1
let	1
me	1
know	1
via	1
a	1
comment.)	1
It	1
has	1
all	1
these	1
cool	1
features	1
but	1
i	1
honestly	1
dont	1
use	1
them.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
the	1
seller	1
has	1
a	1
bad	1
batch	1
bt250v	1
with	1
vibrating	1
alert	1
or	1
Jabra	1
should	1
have	1
left	1
a	1
good	1
thing	1
alone.	1
It's	1
not	1
even	1
close	1
-	1
almost	1
none	1
of	1
the	1
openings	1
match	1
up.	1
This	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
horrible	1
phone;	1
it	1
freezes	1
up	1
all	1
the	1
time,	1
whether	1
you	1
are	1
entering	1
someone's	1
number	1
or	1
you	1
are	1
checking	1
email.	1
The	1
battery	1
works	1
really	1
well.	1
The	1
newer	1
version	1
of	1
this	1
from	1
HP	1
is	1
coming	1
in	1
the	1
summer,	1
so	1
I	1
recommend	1
you	1
wait	1
for	1
that	1
one	1
versus	1
buying	1
this	1
one	1
now.	1
My	1
first	1
headset	1
was	1
the	1
Motorola	1
H500.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
tight	1
fight	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
though...	1
And	1
I	1
love	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
answer	1
a	1
call,	1
answer	1
call	1
waiting,	1
and	1
disconnect	1
a	1
call	1
all	1
with	1
the	1
touch	1
of	1
a	1
button.	1
Lately	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
simply	1
stopped	1
ringing	1
altogether	1
when	1
an	1
incoming	1
call	1
is	1
detected.	1
They	1
are	1
sending	1
me	1
a	1
replacement,	1
but	1
the	1
model	1
I	1
ordered	1
from	1
here	1
is	1
no	1
longer	1
being	1
manufactured.	1
Product	1
came	1
in	1
on	1
time	1
and	1
is	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for.	1
No	1
big	1
deal	1
though,	1
but	1
the	1
thing	1
doesn't	1
even	1
come	1
close	1
to	1
fitting	1
around	1
my	1
arm.	1
However,	1
THE	1
PROS	1
FAR	1
OUTWEIGH	1
THE	1
CONS	1
IN	1
MY	1
PARTICULAR	1
SITUATION	1
WITH	1
MY	1
PARTICULAR	1
CELL	1
PHONE.	1
I	1
had	1
high	1
hopes	1
for	1
this	1
headset,	1
having	1
researched	1
it	1
and	1
read	1
many	1
reviews.	1
I	1
am	1
currently	1
using	1
a	1
sony	1
ericsson	1
hb45	1
headset.The	1
logitech	1
looks	1
much	1
more	1
refined	1
and	1
is	1
classy	1
in	1
a	1
nice	1
black	1
executive	1
feel.	1
This	1
Phone	1
is	1
great.but	1
it	1
needs	1
ringtones...it	1
has	1
about	1
15(well	1
I	1
download	1
most	1
of	1
mine)!	1
HS850	1
first	1
time	1
user.	1
I	1
am	1
writing	1
this	1
to	1
help	1
potential	1
buyers	1
not	1
make	1
the	1
same	1
mistake	1
I	1
did.	1
So	1
I	1
figured	1
I	1
would	1
take	1
it	1
out	1
and	1
format	1
it	1
elsewhere.	1
I	1
switch	1
between	1
them.	1
Apparently,	1
the	1
company	1
that	1
provided	1
service	1
for	1
firefly	1
changed.	1
Poor	1
Quality.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
transmitter	1
because	1
of	1
decent	1
rating	1
this	1
transmitter	1
has	1
receive.	1
where	1
is	1
it?.	1
Great	1
cheap	1
handsfree	1
set.	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
this	1
happened	1
to.	1
The	1
clearity	1
of	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
very	1
acceptable.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
was	1
afraid	1
I	1
wasnt	1
going	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
hear.	1
broke	1
in	1
a	1
week.	1
That's	1
good	1
general	1
advice,	1
but	1
it	1
especially	1
applies	1
to	1
this	1
holster.Actually,	1
it's	1
not	1
so	1
much	1
a	1
holster	1
(into	1
which	1
an	1
item	1
slides)	1
as	1
a	1
clip.	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
keeping	1
my	1
Samsung	1
for	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
it	1
lives.	1
Music	1
player,	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
amazing	1
for	1
this	1
device.	1
OEM	1
accessories	1
are	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
superior	1
than	1
aftermarket	1
copies,	1
in	1
style	1
and	1
function.	1
Save	1
some	1
money,	1
snag	1
a	1
510,	1
and	1
enjoy	1
the	1
technology	1
as	1
it	1
should	1
be.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
I'm	1
surprised	1
given	1
that	1
it's	1
a	1
Belkin	1
product	1
too.	1
The	1
Supertooth	1
Light	1
works	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Sanyo	1
Katana	1
II	1
bluetooth	1
phone.	1
Terrible	1
quality,	1
poor	1
design.	1
But	1
it's	1
always	1
flashing!	1
HL10	1
Handset	1
lifter.	1
flashing	1
blue	1
lights.	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
set	1
it	1
aside	1
and	1
ordered	1
something	1
else.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
covered	1
by	1
a	1
thin	1
and	1
uncomfortable	1
membrane,	1
which	1
isn't	1
standard	1
for	1
motorola.	1
BlueTooth	1
Headset.	1
Great	1
seller!!.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
really	1
cool	1
design.	1
Worth	1
the	1
investment.	1
To	1
my	1
disappointment	1
and	1
dismay,	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
little	1
too	1
wide	1
to	1
seat	1
in	1
the	1
T-720.	1
great	1
little	1
phone.	1
It	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
like	1
a	1
usb	1
stick	1
to	1
hold	1
data,	1
photos,	1
mp3,	1
and	1
even	1
play	1
back	1
mp3s	1
as	1
ring	1
tones.	1
I	1
would	1
give	1
negative	1
stars	1
if	1
possible	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
horrible	1
model.	1
DID	1
NOT	1
WORK,	1
IT	1
IS	1
FROM	1
CHINA,	1
WHAT	1
DO	1
YOU	1
EXPECT.	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
lasted	1
2	1
plus	1
years	1
and	1
was	1
the	1
best	1
blue	1
tooth	1
I've	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Microscopic	1
icons	1
and	1
print	1
on	1
the	1
screen,	1
even	1
when	1
text	1
size	1
is	1
adjusted,	1
the	1
command	1
lines	1
remain	1
tiny.	1
I	1
will	1
continue	1
to	1
use	1
Amazon,	1
but	1
Motorola	1
is	1
off	1
my	1
list	1
for	1
BT	1
headsets	1
(and	1
possibly	1
products	1
alltogether).	1
Instead,	1
drive	1
said	1
car	1
off	1
a	1
cliff.	1
Make	1
certain	1
you're	1
buying	1
the	1
REAL	1
Jabra	1
before	1
you	1
buy!AX~	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
web	1
browsing	1
like	1
there	1
is	1
on	1
other	1
phones.	1
Those	1
who	1
I	1
talked	1
to	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
said	1
it	1
was	1
very	1
clear.	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
phone!!!.	1
I	1
haven't	1
received	1
The	1
LG	1
yet	1
so	1
I	1
can't	1
vouch	1
for	1
it	1
over	1
my	1
RAZR,	1
but	1
at	1
this	1
point,	1
anything	1
will	1
do.RAZORS	1
are	1
for	1
SHAVING.	1
Does	1
not	1
work.	1
Great	1
Product,	1
shipping	1
was	1
slower	1
than	1
expected..	1
This	1
products	1
fits	1
my	1
Treo	1
700wx	1
very	1
nicely	1
and	1
offers	1
great	1
protection.	1
When	1
charged	1
they	1
only	1
lasted	1
about	1
1	1
and	1
a	1
half	1
days.	1
This	1
product	1
works	1
good,	1
for	1
MP3,	1
movie.Good	1
seller,	1
keep	1
on	1
the	1
good	1
work.	1
In	1
fact,	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
Jabra	1
250v	1
and	1
love	1
it.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
Voyager	1
510	1
for	1
my	1
wife	1
after	1
trying	1
4	1
other	1
brands.	1
It's	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
for	1
the	1
volume	1
control,	1
though.	1
Review	1
From	1
User	1
after	1
8	1
months..	1
People	1
don't	1
get	1
this	1
phone!!	1
Hence,	1
we	1
would	1
not	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
apply	1
any	1
credits	1
against	1
the	1
roaming	1
charges.	1
It	1
works	1
great.	1
I	1
really	1
enjoy	1
using	1
it.	1
I	1
need	1
tweezers	1
to	1
remove	1
it.	1
Then	1
static-city..	1
Bought	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Explorer	1
320	1
back	1
in	1
October	1
of	1
2006.	1
Mine	1
has	1
already	1
fallen	1
apart.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
shame	1
because	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
nice	1
and	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
nice	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
easily	1
take	1
the	1
phone	1
out.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
unhappy	1
with	1
this	1
device.	1
You	1
guys	1
might	1
want	1
to	1
wait	1
for	1
the	1
upcoming	1
V600,	1
but	1
if	1
u	1
can't	1
wait,	1
get	1
this	1
phone,	1
the	1
V300	1
looks	1
even	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
V600.	1
This	1
headset	1
worked	1
really	1
well	1
for	1
me	1
-	1
good	1
volume,	1
clear,	1
very	1
little	1
wind	1
noise.	1
I	1
only	1
need	1
one	1
charger	1
to	1
charge	1
all	1
of	1
my	1
electronic	1
devices.	1
great	1
phone,	1
nuff	1
said.	1
Amazon	1
made	1
it	1
all	1
good	1
by	1
accepting	1
the	1
return	1
and	1
crediting	1
my	1
Amazon.com	1
account.	1
I	1
did	1
connect	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
PS3	1
first,	1
but	1
that	1
really	1
should	1
not	1
make	1
any	1
difference.	1
I'd	1
prefer	1
a	1
body	1
glove	1
type	1
case	1
but	1
I	1
needed	1
something	1
pronto.	1
If	1
they	1
are	1
going	1
to	1
advertise	1
a	1
feature,	1
the	1
product	1
shipped	1
should	1
have	1
it.	1
This	1
baby	1
is	1
the	1
perfect	1
companion!	1
Anyways,	1
future	1
customers	1
please	1
be	1
aware	1
and	1
do	1
no	1
purchase	1
items	1
that	1
have	1
a	1
price	1
which	1
is	1
too	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true!	1
Half	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
take	1
it	1
off	1
to	1
see	1
what	1
the	1
heck	1
I'm	1
adjusting.	1
A	1
very	1
happy	1
user.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
much	1
better	1
then	1
a	1
flip	1
phone.	1
&	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
ppl	1
love	1
to	1
text.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
HS850	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
doesn't	1
give	1
a	1
quality	1
sound,	1
even	1
when	1
used	1
with	1
a	1
motorola	1
RAZR	1
phone.	1
My	1
primary	1
reason	1
for	1
getting	1
a	1
new	1
headset	1
was	1
volume	1
and	1
I	1
read	1
reviews	1
and	1
people	1
said	1
it	1
was	1
loud	1
and	1
it	1
is.	1
Super	1
duper.	1
Has	1
bells	1
&	1
whistles	1
like	1
camera	1
phone,	1
etc.,	1
but	1
bottom	1
line	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
works	1
great,	1
it's	1
comfortable,	1
it's	1
super	1
compact,	1
and	1
it's	1
stylish.	1
Or,	1
if	1
you	1
like,	1
I	1
will	1
sell	1
you	1
mine.	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
in	1
good	1
condition	1
and	1
everything	1
worked	1
really	1
well.	1
No	1
contact.	1
Great	1
cellphone	1
ear	1
headset,	1
works	1
great	1
and	1
received	1
it	1
faster	1
than	1
yesterday.	1
We	1
use	1
commercial	1
/	1
MILSPEC	1
3-watt	1
analog	1
phones	1
from	1
a	1
vendor,	1
and	1
special	1
arrangements	1
for	1
carrier	1
services.	1
I	1
have	1
taken	1
two	1
4+	1
hour	1
trips	1
with	1
it	1
and	1
had	1
to	1
change	1
the	1
station	1
only	1
once	1
both	1
trips.	1
Great	1
price	1
so	1
if	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
last	1
forever,	1
I	1
would	1
still	1
buy	1
another.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
product.	1
It	1
was	1
less	1
than	1
$7	1
including	1
the	1
battery	1
and	1
shipping.	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
pretty	1
fun	1
phone;	1
ive	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
week	1
and	1
am	1
still	1
learning	1
the	1
features.	1
My	1
tracfone	1
has	1
worked	1
out	1
good	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
what	1
some	1
others	1
have	1
posted	1
about	1
the	1
holes	1
not	1
lining	1
up	1
on	1
the	1
case	1
with	1
the	1
Note;	1
my	1
aligned	1
absolutely	1
perfectly.	1
It	1
just	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
The	1
audio	1
is	1
pretty	1
clear	1
but,	1
people	1
can	1
barely	1
hear	1
me	1
when	1
there	1
is	1
wind	1
and	1
other	1
noises	1
so,	1
the	1
noise	1
cancellation	1
is	1
not	1
that	1
good.	1
)This	1
has	1
not	1
been	1
the	1
typical	1
Amazon	1
experience	1
and	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
seller	1
should	1
be	1
removed	1
from	1
their	1
site.DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
FROM	1
THIS	1
SELLER	1
!!!!!	1
Seeing	1
that	1
it	1
had	1
a	1
3.5	1
mm	1
plug	1
it	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
excited.	1
tough	1
to	1
beat	1
the	1
price	1
;-)	1
This	1
was	1
the	1
perfect	1
present!	1
One	1
hand	1
control	1
and	1
able	1
to	1
view	1
screen	1
with	1
the	1
Treo	1
still	1
in	1
the	1
case.	1
Of	1
course,	1
the	1
static	1
goes	1
away	1
when	1
I	1
switch	1
to	1
the	1
phone's	1
own	1
speaker.	1
With	1
the	1
200mhz	1
processor,	1
the	1
device	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
slow,	1
but	1
still	1
a	1
great	1
performer.	1
Did	1
it	1
really	1
do	1
that?.	1
The	1
sound	1
was	1
fine	1
until	1
I	1
placed	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
it's	1
case	1
which	1
hangs	1
from	1
my	1
belt	1
then	1
it	1
started	1
cutting	1
out	1
and	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
static.	1
A	1
Bad	1
choice	1
considering	1
the	1
limitations;	1
a	1
huge	1
disappointment.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
you!.	1
Great	1
system,	1
except	1
I	1
would	1
like	1
to	1
see	1
more	1
of	1
an	1
adjustment	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
mount	1
unit.	1
That	1
has	1
been	1
my	1
experience	1
with	1
this	1
thing.The	1
applications	1
that	1
come	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
mostly	1
useless.	1
A	1
wonderful	1
headset.	1
Customer	1
support	1
was	1
no	1
help	1
at	1
all.	1
A	1
waste	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
money.	1
I	1
really	1
hated	1
that	1
product.	1
I	1
THINK	1
IF	1
YOU	1
WEAR	1
GLASSES	1
LIKE	1
ME	1
THIS	1
HEADSET	1
INTERFERES,	1
BUT	1
IT	1
DOES	1
SOUND	1
GOOD	1
AND	1
IS	1
PRETTY	1
LIGHT.	1
Another	1
great	1
HP	1
product2.	1
One	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
things	1
I	1
like	1
is	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
nothing	1
needed	1
over	1
the	1
ear.	1
It	1
usually	1
took	1
me	1
three	1
or	1
four	1
tries	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
turn	1
off	1
or	1
on.	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
admit,	1
this	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
headset	1
to	1
own	1
and	1
use.	1
The	1
phone	1
fits,	1
but	1
somewhat	1
snugly.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
excellent	1
compared	1
to	1
the	1
Motorola	1
H500	1
I	1
had	1
before.	1
Seriously.In	1
addition	1
to	1
it's	1
short	1
life-span,	1
there	1
were	1
plenty	1
of	1
other	1
problems	1
I	1
experienced	1
during	1
normal	1
use.	1
The	1
battery	1
works	1
just	1
fine	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
can	1
turn	1
off	1
the	1
blinking	1
blue	1
light	1
in	1
the	1
dark	1
if	1
i	1
don`t	1
want	1
to	1
be	1
noticed.	1
"I've	1
recently	1
fallen	1
victim	1
to	1
another	1
problem	1
which	1
resulted	1
in	1
even	1
greater	1
loss	1
as	1
I	1
added	1
time/money	1
to	1
my	1
account	1
not	1
long	1
ago.	1
Good	1
protection.	1
Zoom	1
functionality	1
in	1
the	1
camera.Cons	1
:0.	1
Connecting	1
a	1
USB	1
device	1
should	1
NOT	1
be	1
this	1
difficult.	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
simple	1
and	1
intuitive.	1
What	1
a	1
frustrating	1
situation.	1
The	1
old	1
battery	1
was	1
a	1
Motorola	1
BT50	1
-	1
just	1
like	1
the	1
one	1
shown	1
in	1
the	1
picture.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
if	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
lock	1
the	1
three	1
front	1
keys,	1
but	1
I	1
never	1
figured	1
out	1
how	1
to.	1
Works	1
well	1
even	1
when	1
having	1
multiple	1
people	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
talking	1
through	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
pretty	1
good	1
model	1
though,	1
definitely	1
enough	1
to	1
satisfy	1
most	1
users.	1
No	1
chance	1
of	1
it	1
flying	1
off	1
you	1
head.The	1
clarity	1
and	1
signal	1
are	1
good.	1
well	1
i	1
wanted	1
a	1
very	1
basic	1
phone	1
and	1
thats	1
why	1
i	1
bought	1
this	1
one.	1
I	1
don't	1
understand	1
why	1
it	1
looks	1
fine	1
before	1
it	1
is	1
saved,	1
and	1
so	1
completely	1
horrible	1
later.	1
But	1
the	1
audio	1
cuts	1
out	1
intermittently.	1
With	1
everyone	1
else,	1
you	1
can	1
just	1
connect	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
a	1
cable.If	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
RAZR	1
phone	1
-	1
do	1
NOT	1
get	1
one	1
from	1
Verizon!	1
I	1
would	1
put	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
and	1
would	1
get	1
static.	1
Put	1
Driver	1
CD	1
in	1
and	1
then	1
you	1
are	1
left	1
wondering	1
what	1
to	1
do	1
to	1
utilize	1
the	1
drivers.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
very	1
hard	1
time	1
changing	1
from	1
my	1
Nokia	1
3650	1
to	1
this	1
phone.	1
Take,	1
for	1
example,	1
the	1
phone	1
application	1
itself.	1
One	1
of	1
my	1
favorite	1
purchases	1
in	1
recent	1
years.	1
I	1
had	1
5	1
different	1
motorola	1
bluetooth	1
earpiece	1
and	1
non	1
of	1
them	1
could	1
come	1
close	1
to	1
the	1
performance	1
of	1
this	1
unit.	1
This	1
product	1
works	1
well	1
for	1
me.	1
My	1
Plantronics	1
works	1
much	1
better	1
for	1
this.	1
Very	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
product.	1
BlueAnt	1
Supertooth.	1
Although	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
have	1
told	1
you	1
that	1
you	1
sound	1
a	1
bit	1
distant,	1
but	1
still	1
remain	1
clear.	1
And,	1
I	1
didn't	1
have	1
to	1
extend	1
my	1
contract.I	1
had	1
to	1
do	1
a	1
little	1
research	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
that	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
sims	1
card.	1
The	1
older	1
one	1
had	1
replaceable	1
gel	1
tips	1
of	1
various	1
sizes	1
that	1
one	1
could	1
choose	1
according	1
to	1
preference.	1
THE	1
HEADSET	1
WILL	1
NOT	1
STAY	1
ATTACHED	1
TO	1
MY	1
HEAD...	1
LOOKS	1
LIKE	1
I	1
WASTED	1
MY	1
MONEY	1
Bluetooth	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
on	1
my	1
Motorola	1
cellphone	1
(if	1
any	1
cellphone	1
should	1
be	1
easy,	1
it	1
should	1
be	1
one	1
made	1
by	1
the	1
same	1
company).	1
I	1
have	1
heard	1
some	1
say	1
that	1
this	1
&quot;cheap&quot;	1
plastic	1
snap-on	1
is	1
&quot;chinsy&quot;	1
or	1
&quot;cheasy&quot;,	1
but	1
I	1
like	1
it!	1
Very	1
disappointed.I	1
got	1
this	1
because	1
the	1
old	1
battery,	1
which	1
was4-5	1
years	1
old,	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
going.	1
The	1
microphone	1
worked	1
well	1
(actually	1
better	1
than	1
I	1
expected).	1
Good	1
Phone,	1
Crappy	1
company.	1
now	1
2	1
weeks	1
prior	1
to	1
one	1
year	1
the	1
ear	1
loop	1
snapped	1
off	1
of	1
this	1
one.	1
Defeats	1
the	1
purpose	1
of	1
buying	1
a	1
W810i	1
(sleek	1
and	1
fits	1
into	1
pockets).	1
I	1
gave	1
it	1
every	1
chance	1
because	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
brand	1
spanking	1
new	1
from	1
Cingular	1
for	1
$65	1
as	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Guess	1
I'll	1
buy	1
a	1
more	1
expensive	1
one	1
and	1
see	1
how	1
that	1
works.	1
When	1
this	1
device	1
is	1
plugged	1
into	1
your	1
iPhone	1
it	1
says	1
the	1
phone	1
does	1
not	1
recognize	1
the	1
device!	1
Wouldn't	1
recommend.	1
Software	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
intuitive.	1
If	1
you're	1
a	1
parent	1
think	1
about	1
it	1
!!	1
They	1
are	1
working	1
up	1
to	1
specs,	1
no	1
problemo.	1
I	1
also	1
agree	1
with	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
camera	1
resolution	1
complaints.	1
Not	1
a	1
very	1
honest	1
seller.	1
the	1
company	1
is	1
good.	1
This	1
product	1
was	1
refreshingly	1
19.95.	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
mind	1
various	1
shades	1
of	1
Blue	1
on	1
your	1
Phone,	1
it's	1
okay.	1
Wish	1
they'd	1
reinforce	1
it,	1
perhaps	1
make	1
the	1
tabs	1
(or	1
the	1
whole	1
thing)	1
out	1
of	1
metal	1
somehow.	1
I	1
will	1
add	1
that	1
After	1
my	1
4th	1
phone	1
dying	1
on	1
me,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
cancel	1
my	1
service	1
with	1
Cingular,	1
which	1
renders	1
my	1
locked	1
phone	1
a	1
$400	1
paperweight.	1
THE	1
BLUEANT	1
SUPERTOOTH	1
LIGHT	1
BLUETEOOTH	1
SPEAKER	1
PHONE	1
IS	1
WORKING	1
VERY	1
GOOD.	1
Superglue	1
didn't	1
work	1
-	1
after	1
trying	1
to	1
repair	1
them,	1
the	1
band	1
quickly	1
cracked	1
again	1
even	1
before	1
I	1
got	1
to	1
put	1
them	1
on.	1
It's	1
flimsy,	1
cheap,	1
and	1
all	1
around	1
worthless.	1
My	1
dislikes	1
Three	1
strikes	1
and	1
they're	1
out.There's	1
a	1
lemon	1
law	1
in	1
the	1
USA	1
to	1
protect	1
customers	1
against	1
companies	1
like	1
Motorola.	1
The	1
one	1
I	1
recieve	1
has	1
several	1
design	1
flaws.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
swivel	1
case,	1
it	1
broke	1
after	1
less	1
than	1
three	1
weeks,	1
then	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
replacement,	1
it	1
broke	1
after	1
less	1
than	1
two	1
weeks.	1
too	1
bulky	1
&	1
stitches	1
started	1
to	1
give	1
out...	1
within	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months.	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
RadioShak	1
first	1
to	1
buy	1
an	1
adapter	1
for	1
$5-	1
didn't	1
work-	1
LG	1
is	1
proprietary.	1
And	1
yes,	1
for	1
me,	1
above	1
all,	1
I	1
can	1
send	1
SMS	1
text	1
messages	1
to	1
my	1
family	1
and	1
friends	1
in	1
countries	1
across	1
globe.	1
If	1
you	1
enter	1
a	1
new	1
appointment	1
in	1
your	1
calendar	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
it	1
automatically	1
sets	1
an	1
alarm	1
as	1
a	1
default	1
that	1
cannot	1
be	1
shut	1
off.	1
Finding	1
the	1
*	1
and	1
#	1
keys	1
is	1
even	1
harder!	1
That's	1
about	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
you	1
can	1
get,	1
right?	1
I	1
just	1
downloaded	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
TV	1
sounds	1
like	1
Looney	1
Tunes."""	1
My	1
first	1
phone	1
did	1
this	1
and	1
so	1
did	1
my	1
replacement.	1
If	1
you	1
plan	1
to	1
use	1
your	1
cell	1
phone	1
when	1
you	1
feel	1
threatened,	1
you	1
might	1
want	1
to	1
consider	1
going	1
with	1
another	1
carrier.	1
Did	1
I	1
say	1
that?	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
battery	1
and	1
the	1
first	1
day	1
it	1
lasted	1
about	1
12	1
hours	1
now	1
it	1
lasts	1
about	1
8	1
and	1
I	1
hardly	1
use	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
switched	1
over	1
to	1
the	1
Sony	1
Product	1
from	1
Motorola.	1
I	1
hooked	1
it	1
up	1
to	1
my	1
Blackberry,	1
and	1
my	1
Iphone.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
very	1
poor.	1
You	1
reboot	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
it's	1
still	1
screwy.	1
Thats	1
who	1
i	1
recomend	1
it	1
the	1
most.	1
And	1
I	1
was	1
right	1
-	1
they	1
both	1
LOVE	1
them.	1
I	1
am	1
extremely	1
dissapointed	1
with	1
the	1
quality.	1
Arrived	1
on	1
time.	1
I	1
use	1
them	1
all	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
have	1
not	1
run	1
into	1
any	1
major	1
issues.	1
I	1
have	1
bought	1
three	1
separate	1
products	1
from	1
Eforcity.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
I	1
am	1
most	1
disappointed.	1
It	1
clips	1
over	1
the	1
trousers,	1
but	1
also	1
has	1
a	1
belt	1
loop	1
which	1
definitely	1
should	1
be	1
used	1
to	1
prevent	1
the	1
holder	1
and	1
phone	1
from	1
falling	1
off.	1
i	1
just	1
love	1
it!	1
I	1
would	1
suggest	1
to	1
anyone	1
buying	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
not,	1
it	1
just	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
chose	1
it	1
mainly	1
for	1
the	1
style	1
and	1
comfort,	1
unfortunately	1
the	1
static	1
wouldn't	1
go	1
away	1
so	1
I	1
returned	1
it.	1
Product	1
has	1
a	1
volume	1
problem.	1
If	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
closed	1
and	1
in	1
your	1
pocket	1
or	1
on	1
your	1
belt	1
and	1
the	1
buttons	1
get	1
bumped	1
for	1
whatever	1
reason,	1
your	1
phone	1
beeps	1
at	1
full	1
volume.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
battery	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
now	1
and	1
it's	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
original	1
Samsung	1
OEM.	1
Decent	1
sound	1
and	1
talking,	1
BAD	1
BAD	1
sound	1
isolation.	1
Also,	1
people	1
I	1
talked	1
to	1
said	1
they	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
me	1
very	1
well.I'm	1
sure	1
it	1
works	1
well	1
with	1
some	1
phones,	1
but	1
not	1
with	1
the	1
A900.	1
It's	1
clear	1
without	1
static	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
operate.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
encountered	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
clarity	1
of	1
the	1
sound	1
and	1
everyone	1
seems	1
to	1
hear	1
me	1
just	1
fine.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
smile	1
or	1
shake	1
my	1
head	1
without	1
constantly	1
wondering	1
if	1
the	1
headset	1
would	1
fall	1
off.I	1
gave	1
it	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
and	1
called	1
it	1
quits.	1
Holds	1
its	1
charge	1
very	1
well;	1
I	1
charge	1
it	1
maybe	1
once	1
a	1
week	1
or	1
two.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
product	1
and	1
the	1
LOW	1
PRICE!	1
I	1
make	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
international	1
calls	1
and	1
have	1
found	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
superb-	1
better	1
even,	1
in	1
most	1
cases,	1
than	1
a	1
&quot;conventional&quot;	1
phone.	1
The	1
phone	1
part	1
is	1
improved	1
but	1
dual	1
band	1
would	1
be	1
an	1
even	1
better	1
improvement.	1
Bad	1
decision!	1
Plus	1
it	1
looks	1
very	1
slick	1
too,	1
many	1
people	1
have	1
commented	1
on	1
its	1
cool	1
appearance.The	1
one	1
downside	1
for	1
me	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
heavy.	1
I've	1
only	1
tried	1
two	1
other	1
bluetooth	1
headsets,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
was	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
for	1
an	1
extended	1
period	1
of	1
time,	1
6-8	1
hours.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
buying	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
taking	1
the	1
risk,	1
though.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
okay	1
and	1
usually	1
about	1
2-5	1
hours	1
on	1
a	1
normal	1
day.	1
The	1
color	1
is	1
great!	1
Does	1
not	1
perform	1
well,	1
weak	1
signal	1
does	1
not	1
allow	1
quality	1
sound	1
from	1
ipod	1
to	1
radio.	1
Sometimes	1
a	1
guy	1
just	1
doesn't	1
feel	1
like	1
wearing	1
a	1
belt	1
but	1
has	1
to	1
carry	1
his	1
cell	1
phone!	1
It	1
turns	1
out	1
that	1
we	1
were	1
lucky	1
when	1
we	1
bought	1
them,	1
because	1
we	1
received	1
the	1
phones	1
with	1
the	1
latest	1
firmware	1
upgrade.	1
The	1
screens	1
(inside	1
and	1
out)	1
wash	1
out	1
and	1
are	1
unreadable	1
in	1
even	1
moderate	1
sunlight.2.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
horrible	1
in	1
my	1
opinion.	1
Overall,	1
a	1
good	1
value	1
if	1
they'd	1
just	1
fix	1
the	1
inevitable	1
break	1
of	1
the	1
mic.	1
I	1
returned	1
it,	1
and	1
a	1
replacement	1
was	1
sent,	1
which	1
was	1
also	1
defective.	1
Mind	1
you,	1
I	1
always	1
carefully	1
placed	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
protective	1
purse	1
pockets	1
when	1
out	1
&	1
about.	1
She	1
really	1
liked	1
and	1
appreciated	1
it.	1
Turns	1
off	1
whenever	1
it	1
wants.	1
Still,	1
all	1
and	1
all,	1
a	1
great	1
product.	1
Thats	1
right	1
the	1
2.5mm	1
jack	1
works	1
in	1
x-box	1
communicators	1
(so	1
take	1
that	1
microsoft)!	1
This	1
headset	1
was	1
defective	1
because	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
other	1
people	1
but	1
they	1
could	1
not	1
hear	1
me!	1
It	1
was	1
important.	1
I've	1
been	1
through	1
a	1
good	1
couple	1
of	1
headsets	1
in	1
a	1
short	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
1st	1
one	1
that	1
has	1
worked	1
the	1
best	1
for	1
me.	1
BE	1
AWARE!!!	1
Won't	1
work	1
with	1
iPhone	1
since	1
new	1
software	1
release.	1
It	1
is	1
light	1
weight	1
too.	1
Right	1
now,	1
I'm	1
looking	1
for	1
something	1
more	1
rugged.	1
satisfaction.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
k1	1
for	1
my	1
daughter.	1
for	1
example,	1
when	1
i	1
travel	1
within	1
the	1
US,	1
i	1
use	1
a	1
cheap,	1
old	1
nokia	1
(only	1
because	1
i	1
wouldnt	1
really	1
care	1
if	1
it	1
got	1
stolen).	1
The	1
Samsung	1
connected	1
easily	1
and	1
never	1
dropped	1
my	1
call.	1
My	1
last	1
phone	1
was	1
a	1
Non-Color	1
(yes,	1
it	1
was	1
old)	1
Nokia.	1
Neither	1
the	1
headset	1
or	1
the	1
cover	1
fit	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
OPENED	1
THIS	1
FROM	1
A	1
SEALED	1
PACKAGE	1
AND	1
RIGHT	1
FROM	1
THE	1
START	1
IT	1
DID	1
NOT	1
WORK.	1
I	1
can	1
only	1
suggest	1
they	1
stop	1
paying	1
peanuts	1
for	1
the	1
designs,	1
and	1
start	1
getting	1
humans	1
(or	1
even	1
robots?)	1
I	1
actually	1
returned	1
the	1
first	1
pair	1
I	1
bought,	1
thinking	1
the	1
foam	1
pads	1
were	1
accidentally	1
left	1
out.The	1
in	1
ear	1
sound	1
is	1
OK.	1
I	1
constantly	1
had	1
static,	1
even	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
1	1
or	1
2	1
feet	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
headset.	1
And	1
people	1
can	1
actually	1
hear	1
you!We	1
have	1
7	1
wireless	1
headsets	1
working	1
in	1
our	1
office	1
and	1
2	1
are	1
the	1
CS-55.	1
I	1
should	1
open	1
this	1
review	1
by	1
stating	1
that	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
form	1
factor,	1
and	1
the	1
design.	1
Windows	1
6	1
is	1
very	1
user	1
friendly.	1
Do	1
not	1
believe	1
their	1
adds,	1
I	1
never	1
had	1
so	1
many	1
dropped	1
calls	1
and	1
poor	1
reception	1
as	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
Cingular.	1
Motorola	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
easiest	1
place	1
to	1
get	1
customer	1
support.	1
You	1
do	1
not	1
need	1
to	1
direct	1
wire,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
easy	1
and	1
in	1
both	1
my	1
vehicles	1
they	1
are	1
directly	1
wired.	1
While	1
change	1
is	1
ordinarily	1
good,	1
here	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
pretty	1
much	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
(at	1
least	1
in	1
function).	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
download	1
the	1
drivers	1
for	1
the	1
usb	1
hook	1
up	1
and	1
after	1
following	1
the	1
directions	1
it	1
worked	1
smoothly.	1
The	1
case	1
does	1
its	1
job	1
wonderfully.	1
Four	1
out	1
of	1
those	1
six	1
settings	1
causes	1
an	1
annoying	1
echo	1
for	1
whoever	1
you	1
are	1
speaking	1
with.	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
LTE	1
in	1
many	1
areas	1
that	1
I	1
normally	1
do,	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
dropped	1
calls.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
MS	1
office	1
with	1
adobe	1
that	1
comes	1
pre-installed.	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
V3	1
charger.	1
If	1
a	1
battery	1
works	1
as	1
it	1
should	1
for	1
this	1
long,	1
then	1
there	1
is	1
nothing	1
to	1
complain	1
about.	1
Yep...demonstrated	1
it	1
by	1
letting	1
gravity	1
do	1
its	1
thing	1
on	1
his	1
own	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
well	1
protected	1
it	1
practically	1
bounced.	1
I	1
bought	1
my	1
first	1
Jabra	1
about	1
8	1
months	1
ago.	1
Ear	1
phones	1
on	1
one,	1
Mic	1
on	1
another.	1
software	1
interface	1
is	1
TEDIOUS.	1
You	1
will	1
not	1
be	1
sorry,	1
I	1
traded	1
a	1
Treo	1
for	1
this	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
regret	1
a	1
thing.	1
For	1
many	1
apps	1
the	1
critical	1
options	1
are	1
hidden	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
user.	1
Those	1
work	1
well	1
but	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
a	1
hard	1
time	1
hearing	1
people	1
when	1
I'm	1
driving	1
in	1
a	1
car,	1
or	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
low	1
level	1
of	1
ambient	1
noise	1
in	1
the	1
background.	1
This	1
may	1
be	1
an	1
issue	1
with	1
Verizon	1
rather	1
than	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
item	1
was	1
fine.	1
My	1
wife	1
uses	1
it	1
to	1
clip	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
her	1
bag.Because	1
were	1
so	1
cheap	1
I	1
actually	1
bought	1
two	1
different	1
clips.	1
My	1
initial	1
impression	1
was	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
very	1
tiny.	1
I	1
find	1
this	1
true	1
anywhere	1
that	1
there's	1
high	1
frequency	1
noise	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
tricky	1
to	1
install,	1
but	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
attempts	1
it	1
went	1
on	1
perfectly,	1
without	1
air	1
bubbles.	1
I	1
screwed	1
up	1
and	1
left	1
the	1
phone	1
sitting	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
my	1
motorcycle	1
and	1
took	1
off	1
down	1
the	1
road.	1
Scosche	1
IU3.5RC	1
3.5mm	1
Retractable	1
Cable.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
perhaps	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
sellers	1
on	1
Amazon	1
have	1
written	1
quite	1
a	1
few	1
positive	1
reviews	1
so	1
that	1
the	1
product	1
would	1
seem	1
more	1
likable.	1
The	1
web	1
site	1
is	1
inaccurate	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
reps	1
are	1
poorly	1
trained.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
clear	1
Earpiece	1
too	1
heavy.	1
You	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
to	1
pick	1
up,	1
redial,	1
voice	1
dial,	1
switch	1
to	1
another	1
paired	1
device,	1
and	1
a	1
couple	1
more	1
things.	1
The	1
third	1
one	1
works	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
first	1
one,	1
choppy,	1
unreliable	1
and	1
it	1
drops	1
every	1
second	1
conversation	1
from	1
the	1
headset	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
signed	1
up	1
for	1
a	1
Sprint	1
plan	1
with	1
Power	1
Vision	1
and	1
the	1
Samsung	1
A920	1
was	1
the	1
choice	1
I	1
made	1
for	1
a	1
Power	1
Vision	1
capable	1
phone.	1
While	1
they	1
are	1
very	1
small	1
and	1
light	1
weight	1
they	1
do	1
not	1
offer	1
many	1
comfortable	1
positions	1
on	1
someone	1
with	1
a	1
larger	1
than	1
average	1
head.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
M500	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
ago	1
and	1
ended	1
up	1
throwing	1
it	1
out	1
after	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
hs850	1
in.	1
The	1
hot	1
pink	1
color	1
was	1
pretty	1
cool	1
too.	1
My	1
wife	1
and	1
I	1
each	1
have	1
the	1
Fusic	1
-	1
for	1
6	1
months	1
now.	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
smaller	1
version	1
of	1
this	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
Nokia	1
N75	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
Inside	1
it	1
was	1
0-2,	1
resulting	1
in	1
dropped	1
calls	1
and	1
little	1
enjoyment	1
of	1
all	1
the	1
entertaining	1
features	1
of	1
the	1
new	1
(at	1
Christmas)	1
Iphone.	1
After	1
a	1
month	1
or	1
so,	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
Motorola	1
500,	1
which	1
works	1
great--stick	1
to	1
over	1
the	1
ear!	1
Might	1
want	1
to	1
keep	1
a	1
car	1
charger	1
handy,	1
or	1
an	1
extra	1
battery.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
horrible	1
product.	1
I	1
see	1
absolutely	1
no	1
reason	1
to	1
pick	1
t-mobile	1
as	1
your	1
prepay	1
service	1
provider.	1
Otherwise,	1
I	1
really	1
think	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
phone.	1
Never	1
Use	1
ANTONLINE.COM.	1
Good	1
for	1
one	1
year.	1
Great	1
Buy!.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
ended	1
up	1
replacing	1
it.	1
It	1
will	1
cost	1
me	1
more	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
so	1
I'll	1
just	1
keep	1
it.	1
Didn't	1
like	1
it.	1
They	1
also	1
sell	1
a	1
splitter	1
for	1
this	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
charge	1
more	1
than	1
one	1
thing	1
at	1
once.The	1
blue	1
lighting	1
on	1
the	1
charger	1
is	1
also	1
cool.	1
So	1
Far,	1
So	1
Good.	1
iGo--NEVER	1
AGAIN.	1
DONT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
IF	1
YOU	1
VALUE	1
YOUR	1
SANITY!!!!!.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
disappointed	1
in	1
this	1
item.	1
The	1
features	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
are	1
awesome,	1
but	1
the	1
design	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
terrible.	1
I've	1
turned	1
the	1
brightness	1
down	1
to	1
the	1
lowest	1
setting,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
plenty	1
bright.	1
Perfect	1
fit	1
for	1
the	1
Motorola	1
SLVR	1
series	1
(I	1
have	1
an	1
L2).	1
Just	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
a	1
Motorola	1
product	1
with	1
easy	1
to	1
read	1
charging	1
display.	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
AWESOME	1
--	1
sound	1
is	1
clear	1
for	1
both	1
ends	1
and	1
is	1
so	1
easy	1
to	1
setup.	1
It	1
fits	1
my	1
phone	1
snugly	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
slip	1
around.	1
Useful	1
combo.	1
I	1
was	1
hesitant	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
KRZR	1
K1	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
negative	1
reviews	1
but	1
my	1
experience	1
has	1
been	1
nothing	1
short	1
of	1
excellent.	1
I've	1
contacted	1
the	1
seller	1
and	1
recieved	1
no	1
response,	1
waste	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
money.	1
This	1
unit	1
allows	1
voice	1
answer	1
capability.	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
Razr	1
for	1
3	1
hours	1
and	1
have	1
already	1
set	1
it	1
up	1
the	1
way	1
I	1
want	1
it,	1
including	1
locking	1
myself	1
out	1
of	1
those	1
expensive	1
Media	1
Net	1
buttons.	1
Not	1
only	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
having	1
issues	1
getting	1
either	1
warranty	1
replacement	1
or	1
service	1
on	1
the	1
unit.	1
Non-standard	1
hands-free	1
socket.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
check	1
your	1
email	1
you	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
press	1
option	1
plus	1
send	1
button!	1
Avoid	1
at	1
all	1
cost!.	1
best	1
headset	1
yet.	1
nice	1
case!.	1
They	1
also	1
both	1
emit	1
a	1
light	1
"hissing"	1
sound	1
in	1
the	1
earpiece	1
when	1
talking.	1
Quit	1
working	1
after	1
60	1
days.	1
I	1
am	1
extremely	1
computer	1
savvy	1
and	1
technically	1
literate.	1
With	1
no	1
browser	1
you	1
are	1
stuck	1
with	1
the	1
god	1
awfully	1
ring	1
tones.	1
Only	1
use	1
as	1
a	1
last	1
resort.	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
Useless	1
microphone.	1
Performance	1
is	1
sub-par.If	1
you	1
don't	1
use	1
Outlook	1
and	1
just	1
want	1
to	1
back	1
up	1
phone	1
numbers,	1
this	1
will	1
probably	1
do.	1
Each	1
email	1
was	1
responded	1
with	1
"we	1
will	1
expedite	1
your	1
request."	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
StarTac	1
for	1
3	1
years	1
and	1
that	1
thing	1
is	1
still	1
kicking.	1
For	1
the	1
most	1
part	1
it's	1
good,	1
maybe	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
sprint	1
or	1
verizon	1
but	1
I	1
can't	1
tell	1
the	1
difference.	1
Called	1
support	1
and	1
they	1
assured	1
me	1
it	1
was	1
compatible.	1
Which	1
I	1
thought	1
would	1
be	1
even	1
better,	1
but	1
the	1
battery	1
does	1
not	1
keep	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
the	1
1000mAh	1
original.	1
Forget	1
completely	1
about	1
pictures	1
in	1
low	1
light.-	1
Windows	1
Mobile	1
5	1
was	1
initially	1
rather	1
buggy,	1
especially	1
on	1
the	1
8125.	1
Works	1
Great	1
and	1
Easy	1
to	1
set-up.	1
This	1
fits	1
the	1
bill	1
perfectly.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
Jabra	1
250,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
has	1
much	1
better	1
sound	1
clarity.	1
I	1
thought	1
Coby	1
was	1
a	1
decent	1
enough	1
brand	1
but	1
when	1
using	1
this	1
adapter	1
the	1
sound	1
only	1
comes	1
out	1
clearly	1
on	1
one	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
speaker.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
care	1
about	1
your	1
PDA/cell	1
phone	1
having	1
a	1
camera	1
and	1
want	1
to	1
get	1
what	1
used	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
$500	1
phone	1
very	1
cheap,	1
scout	1
around	1
for	1
a	1
Treo	1
300.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
decides	1
it's	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
recognize	1
my	1
SIM	1
card.	1
There	1
is	1
something	1
wrong	1
with	1
the	1
friction	1
wheel	1
in	1
the	1
device	1
that	1
fails	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
dozen	1
hours	1
of	1
work.	1
Phone	1
cover.	1
My	1
phone	1
was	1
placing	1
a	1
call	1
to	1
the	1
first	1
person	1
in	1
my	1
address	1
book	1
(also	1
my	1
last	1
number	1
dialed).	1
THe	1
fact	1
that	1
it's	1
made	1
by	1
Motorola	1
and	1
blue	1
was	1
a	1
big	1
plus.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
returned	1
it	1
to	1
Amazon.	1
)To	1
play	1
music	1
you	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
MicroSD	1
card.	1
It	1
has	1
never	1
arrived,	1
but	1
due	1
to	1
costs	1
of	1
shipping	1
and	1
bureaucracy	1
on	1
it.	1
Camera	1
attachment	1
is	1
just	1
there	1
to	1
lure	1
you	1
in.5.	1
Light	1
and	1
comfortable.	1
Don't	1
know	1
why	1
this	1
is	1
nesseary.	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
Totally	1
worthless	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months.	1
Sprint-	1
Bad	1
Service.	1
One-touch	1
push	1
to	1
call	1
by	1
command	1
without	1
having	1
to	1
look	1
at	1
phone	1
(though	1
may	1
vary	1
from	1
phone	1
to	1
phone).	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
functional	1
and	1
durable.	1
Slow	1
shutter	1
times	1
and	1
pictures	1
that	1
are	1
worse	1
than	1
what	1
I	1
can	1
manage	1
with	1
my	1
old	1
school	1
RAZR.	1
The	1
difference	1
in	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
noticeably	1
different.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
units	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
have	1
been	1
inadequate	1
in	1
overcoming	1
road	1
noise	1
and	1
providing	1
clarity.	1
If	1
it	1
wasn't	1
for	1
the	1
crack,	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
easily	1
rated	1
the	1
headphones	1
4	1
stars.	1
h500	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
soft	1
touch!.	1
Mobile	1
Data	1
3-in-1	1
USB	1
Travel	1
Kit	1
for	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
650.	1
So,	1
not	1
worth	1
anything	1
to	1
us.	1
My	1
friend	1
hasn't	1
had	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
this	1
thing	1
yet.	1
I	1
know	1
not	1
everyone	1
may	1
like	1
this	1
headset,	1
but	1
for	1
what	1
I	1
want	1
it	1
and	1
use	1
it	1
for,	1
it	1
is	1
AWESOME!	1
After	1
about	1
3	1
days	1
with	1
the	1
replacement	1
set,	1
once	1
again	1
they	1
went	1
into	1
pairing	1
mode,	1
and	1
then	1
later	1
would	1
not	1
turn	1
on.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
two	1
"monster"	1
transmitters	1
and	1
have	1
been	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
ability	1
to	1
find	1
clear	1
stations.	1
It	1
has	1
lots	1
of	1
features	1
for	1
a	1
decent	1
priced	1
phone.	1
Worth	1
the	1
price.	1
Not	1
impressed.	1
OK...to	1
be	1
honest	1
I	1
really	1
don't	1
like	1
it	1
at	1
all.	1
Also,	1
it	1
fits	1
nicely	1
into	1
my	1
stylus	1
pen's	1
slot.	1
Does	1
NOT	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
Creative	1
ZEN.	1
fast	1
and	1
cheap.	1
I	1
really	1
didn't	1
want	1
to	1
go	1
through	1
this	1
mailing	1
thing	1
back	1
and	1
forth.	1
Poorly	1
made.	1
So	1
the	1
w810i	1
turned	1
out	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
better	1
deal	1
if	1
you	1
like	1
the	1
candy	1
bar	1
form	1
versus	1
the	1
clamshell.Also,	1
the	1
AC	1
adapter	1
included	1
is	1
the	1
standard	1
model.	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
to	1
wait	1
3-5	1
days	1
for	1
the	1
shipping	1
label,	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
take	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
local	1
Cingular	1
store.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
2nd	1
set	1
of	1
headphones	1
from	1
this	1
company.	1
You	1
will	1
be	1
pouring	1
your	1
money	1
down	1
the	1
drain.	1
I	1
found	1
THAT	1
almost	1
hard	1
to	1
believe,	1
but,	1
after	1
the	1
2nd	1
person	1
told	1
me	1
the	1
same	1
thing,	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
convert.	1
An	1
all-in-one	1
unit	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
concept,	1
but	1
like	1
many	1
Sony	1
products	1
I	1
own,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
terrible	1
execution.	1
The	1
range	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
is	1
also	1
nice.	1
I	1
purchased	1
them	1
several	1
years	1
ago,	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
found	1
a	1
better	1
Bluetooth	1
headset.	1
When	1
I	1
turned	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
external	1
screen	1
was	1
all	1
jumbled	1
with	1
lines	1
running	1
across	1
it	1
and	1
a	1
big	1
black	1
spot.	1
Music	1
started	1
playing,	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
happy.	1
The	1
orginal	1
one	1
I	1
bought	1
from	1
a	1
T-Mobil	1
store.	1
To	1
engage	1
this,	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
closed,	1
you	1
must	1
press	1
the	1
bottom	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
left	1
side	1
and	1
hold	1
it	1
for	1
around	1
2	1
seconds.	1
I	1
turned	1
the	1
phone	1
off	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
still	1
playing!	1
I	1
discovered	1
that	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
plug	1
in	1
the	1
AC	1
cord	1
first	1
and	1
then	1
plug	1
in	1
the	1
device	1
you	1
wish	1
to	1
power	1
with	1
it.	1
So,	1
this	1
does	1
work	1
with	1
every	1
phone.The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good.	1
I	1
really	1
believe	1
there	1
should	1
be	1
a	1
recall	1
for	1
this	1
phone.	1
Rock	1
solid	1
feel	1
and	1
function,	1
nice	1
look,.	1
Oh,	1
did	1
I	1
mention	1
the	1
LED	1
lights?	1
Dont	1
Get	1
IT!	1
Material	1
got	1
hard	1
and	1
clip	1
started	1
to	1
break.	1
Cell	1
phone	1
case	1
too	1
small	1
for	1
HTC	1
TYTN.	1
Great	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
price..	1
Yeah,	1
it	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
cover,	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
high	1
quality.	1
I	1
DO	1
NOT	1
RECOMMEND.	1
Given	1
the	1
charger's	1
price,	1
my	1
suspicion	1
is	1
the	1
charger	1
was	1
counterfeit.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
toddler	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
to...	1
I'm	1
serious!	1
Ummmm...	1
that's	1
about	1
it.I	1
really	1
don't	1
want	1
to	1
return	1
this	1
(what	1
a	1
pain!	1
HORRIBLE!!!!!.	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
excellent!	1
Still,	1
it	1
did	1
what	1
it	1
was	1
supposed	1
to	1
do	1
I	1
guess..it	1
protected	1
my	1
phone	1
from	1
being	1
damaged.	1
overall	1
does	1
what	1
it	1
needs	1
to	1
do.	1
Doesn't	1
fit	1
well	1
at	1
all,	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
into	1
ear..	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
to	1
help	1
with	1
what	1
I've	1
read,	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
to	1
fit	1
better.	1
Wow,	1
once	1
you	1
install	1
the	1
right	1
ear	1
bud	1
pieces	1
on	1
the	1
headset;	1
became	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
sound	1
great.	1
Currently	1
hides	1
behind	1
my	1
stearing	1
wheel.	1
It	1
charges	1
the	1
battery	1
of	1
my	1
Creative	1
Zen	1
much	1
faster	1
than	1
the	1
computer	1
cable	1
which	1
used	1
to	1
take	1
overnight.	1
So	1
calls	1
can	1
not	1
be	1
made	1
from	1
a	1
car.	1
My	1
main	1
problem	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
menu	1
system.	1
depending	1
on	1
the	1
game,	1
the	1
w600i	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
vertically	1
or	1
horizontally	1
to	1
play	1
its	1
games.	1
The	1
photo	1
in	1
the	1
ad	1
showed	1
an	1
embossed	1
logo	1
of	1
some	1
sort	1
-	1
mine	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
plain	1
front	1
which	1
I	1
prefer.	1
I	1
can't	1
hear	1
anything.	1
I	1
owned	1
Plantronic	1
before	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
good	1
until	1
the	1
charging	1
port	1
damaged.	1
disappointed.	1
My	1
original	1
one	1
was	1
a	1
free	1
upgrade	1
but	1
after	1
two	1
weeks	1
I	1
was	1
willing	1
to	1
spend	1
100	1
on	1
a	1
replacement.	1
That	1
will	1
let	1
you	1
sync	1
your	1
phone	1
with	1
your	1
computer.	1
for	1
this	1
item.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
shame	1
that	1
I	1
O	1
Gear	1
chose	1
to	1
change	1
the	1
design,	1
the	1
previous	1
model	1
was	1
so	1
comfortable,	1
that	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
even	1
know	1
I	1
was	1
wearing	1
the	1
earpiece.	1
I	1
can't	1
do	1
much	1
better	1
anywhere	1
in	1
the	1
yard.	1
Too	1
bad	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
was	1
such	1
a	1
hassle.	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
recieved	1
any	1
thing	1
so	1
fast	1
in	1
all	1
my	1
life.	1
The	1
color	1
display	1
makes	1
me	1
so	1
happy.	1
The	1
connection	1
with	1
the	1
cellphone	1
sometimes	1
is	1
not	1
very	1
well	1
especially	1
when	1
you	1
move.	1
As	1
a	1
result,	1
it	1
is	1
literally	1
glued	1
to	1
the	1
phone,	1
I'll	1
have	1
to	1
cut	1
it	1
off	1
to	1
remove	1
it.	1
The	1
talk	1
time	1
is	1
great.	1
I'm	1
very	1
glad	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
-	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks	1
and	1
once	1
I	1
get	1
the	1
auto	1
charger,	1
I'll	1
be	1
even	1
happier.	1
Clear	1
covering	1
over	1
keypad	1
is	1
pretty	1
easy	1
to	1
work	1
thru.A	1
little	1
pricey	1
over	1
15	1
bucks	1
but	1
probably	1
the	1
best	1
choice	1
out	1
there.	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
three	1
different	1
size	1
ear	1
plugs	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
is	1
right	1
for	1
you.	1
Their	1
support	1
personnel	1
wrote	1
me	1
this	1
cop	1
out	1
note	1
when,	1
after	1
purchasing,	1
I	1
inquired	1
why	1
they	1
wouldn't	1
work	1
as	1
their	1
advertising	1
states.	1
On	1
the	1
plus	1
side	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
good	1
audio	1
quality	1
and	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
better	1
at	1
maintaining	1
a	1
connection	1
than	1
the	1
last	1
two	1
phones	1
I've	1
owned.	1
You	1
can	1
use	1
the	1
same	1
battery	1
charger	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
use.	1
NO	1
SUPPORT	1
AND	1
THEY	1
WOULDNT	1
GIVE	1
ME	1
A	1
REFUND	1
OR	1
REPAIR	1
THE	1
PRODUCT	1
Works	1
as	1
I	1
expected.	1
Unfortunately	1
only	1
one	1
works	1
well.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
based	1
on	1
positive	1
reviews	1
posted	1
here.	1
At	1
least	1
they	1
responded,	1
I	1
suppose.	1
Just	1
don't	1
expect	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
very	1
durable	1
and	1
inspect	1
it	1
thoroughly	1
upon	1
receipt.	1
I	1
was	1
refundes	1
$0.00	1
because	1
the	1
packing	1
slip	1
with	1
the	1
replacement	1
order	1
said	1
$0.00.	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
interviews	1
ready	1
to	1
hand	1
in	1
multiple	1
formats.	1
It	1
does	1
have	1
a	1
clip,	1
which	1
is	1
what	1
I	1
wanted.	1
Well,	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
too	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
Small	1
and	1
simple	1
with	1
good	1
clarity.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
cover	1
and	1
its	1
an	1
okay	1
item	1
but	1
the	1
picture	1
was	1
decieving.	1
Using	1
this	1
adapter	1
you	1
may	1
experience	1
these	1
problems;	1
but	1
they	1
are	1
the	1
fault	1
of	1
the	1
FastPort	1
design,	1
not	1
this	1
specific	1
adapter.	1
It	1
makes	1
driving	1
and	1
life	1
so	1
much	1
easier	1
and	1
safer.	1
A	1
hands-on	1
demo	1
would	1
have	1
nixed	1
these	1
without	1
spending	1
the	1
money	1
first.	1
Does	1
your	1
time	1
have	1
any	1
value????	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
lost	1
its	1
volume	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
Surprisingly,	1
they	1
paired	1
easily	1
and	1
sounded	1
really	1
good.	1
My	1
only	1
complaints	1
are	1
it	1
needs	1
more	1
ram	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
noticable	1
flicker	1
on	1
the	1
display.	1
After	1
buying	1
the	1
product	1
I	1
discovered	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
compatible	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
And	1
then	1
the	1
software	1
takes	1
its	1
sweet	1
time	1
to	1
reposition	1
the	1
application	1
for	1
you.	1
Amaizing	1
sound	1
for	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
device.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent.However,	1
there	1
are	1
major	1
quality	1
control	1
problems.	1
My	1
problems	1
with	1
nextel	1
did	1
not	1
stop	1
when	1
I	1
canceled	1
my	1
service.	1
Excellent!.	1
exchanged	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
company	1
and	1
2nd	1
one	1
didn't	1
work	1
either.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
time!.	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
I	1
could	1
have	1
made	1
a	1
better	1
choice.Do	1
a	1
search	1
on	1
eBay	1
for	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
you	1
will	1
find	1
much	1
better	1
deals.	1
I've	1
paired	1
this	1
with	1
a	1
Samsung	1
M510	1
and	1
HTC-PPC6800.	1
Boxwave	1
Anti-Glares	1
should	1
just	1
cost	1
no	1
more	1
than	1
$3.	1
Great	1
Headset.	1
Sound	1
and	1
call	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
as	1
is	1
battery	1
life	1
between	1
charges.	1
Small	1
but	1
Mighty.	1
Great	1
price,	1
and	1
shipped	1
quickly	1
and	1
at	1
a	1
reasonable	1
rate.	1
Once	1
you	1
get	1
over	1
the	1
feeling	1
that	1
it'll	1
fall	1
out	1
of	1
your	1
ear	1
and	1
realize	1
that	1
it	1
won't,	1
it's	1
just	1
great.	1
If	1
you	1
intend	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
phone	1
from	1
them	1
get	1
the	1
least	1
expensive	1
plan	1
first.	1
Review	1
E317.	1
The	1
best	1
part	1
is	1
that	1
cingular	1
also	1
does	1
not	1
let	1
you	1
cancell	1
the	1
connectoin	1
without	1
paying	1
up	1
until	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
your	1
billing	1
cycle.	1
The	1
Omni	1
directional	1
microphone	1
performs	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
one	1
might	1
expect.	1
I	1
even	1
made	1
sure	1
that	1
the	1
photos	1
matched	1
before	1
I	1
ordered	1
it	1
too.	1
Writing	1
is	1
sleek.	1
Okay,	1
so	1
it's	1
not	1
high-speed	1
internet,	1
but	1
WOW!	1
My	1
wife	1
and	1
I	1
both	1
got	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
our	1
Razr	1
cellphones.	1
Shorten	1
the	1
length	1
of	1
time	1
the	1
displays	1
and	1
kepad	1
are	1
lit	1
after	1
a	1
phone	1
call	1
is	1
completed.	1
Xingtone	1
5	1
is	1
advertised	1
as	1
being	1
compatible	1
with	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6030	1
phone.	1
This	1
razr	1
car	1
charger	1
only	1
worked	1
for	1
about	1
1	1
week	1
then	1
quit	1
working..	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
vendors	1
products..	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
been	1
a	1
big	1
fan	1
of	1
Motorola	1
phones,	1
opting	1
for	1
Samsung	1
since	1
Samsung	1
phones	1
are	1
usually	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
user	1
friendly	1
and	1
offer	1
more	1
fluff.	1
I	1
am	1
hard	1
of	1
hearing	1
to	1
start	1
out	1
with.	1
Good	1
Sexy	1
average	1
headset.	1
I	1
was	1
pleasantly	1
surprised	1
at	1
how	1
easy	1
it	1
was	1
to	1
put	1
on,	1
and	1
how	1
much	1
it	1
revamped	1
my	1
love	1
of	1
my	1
phone's	1
sleek	1
style.	1
If	1
I	1
remove	1
this	1
thing,	1
and	1
just	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
without	1
the	1
headset,	1
they	1
all	1
say	1
that	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
well.	1
Not	1
only	1
did	1
I	1
waste	1
my	1
money,	1
but	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
find	1
something	1
else.	1
One	1
of	1
my	1
friends	1
recommended	1
I	1
check	1
out	1
Amazon	1
and	1
I	1
did.	1
Overall	1
i	1
love	1
the	1
phone	1
it	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
better	1
if	1
you	1
could	1
control	1
the	1
ringtones.	1
Better	1
yet,	1
how	1
about	1
an	1
actual	1
battery	1
indicator	1
like	1
on	1
cellphones?)10.	1
A	1
friend	1
of	1
mine	1
suggested	1
that	1
I	1
not	1
use	1
it	1
when	1
I'm	1
talking	1
to	1
a	1
client	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
annoying.	1
Like	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
does	1
the	1
basics	1
well.	1
The	1
first	1
thing	1
I	1
did	1
was	1
to	1
put	1
in	1
the	1
SIM	1
card	1
and	1
battery	1
and	1
plugged	1
in	1
the	1
charger.	1
Reception	1
for	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
terrible.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
fine.	1
Or	1
imagine	1
someone	1
at	1
home	1
in	1
bed	1
who	1
hears	1
a	1
burglar	1
break	1
the	1
window	1
downstairs.	1
Otherwise,	1
I	1
don't	1
recommend	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Thought	1
it	1
was	1
great	1
until	1
it	1
stopped	1
working!.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
off.	1
This	1
has	1
only	1
1	1
speed	1
ff,	1
which	1
roughly	1
takes	1
about	1
5	1
sec	1
for	1
1	1
min.2.	1
The	1
armband	1
is	1
strong,	1
flexible,	1
and	1
comfortable	1
to	1
exercise	1
with.	1
I	1
would	1
easily	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
Always	1
nice	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
product	1
that	1
works	1
as	1
stated.	1
No	1
more	1
calling	1
people	1
from	1
my	1
pocket!	1
Needless	1
to	1
say,	1
I'm	1
quite	1
impressed.	1
THumb	1
down	1
for	1
Amazon,	1
you	1
do	1
not	1
need	1
to	1
be	1
that	1
CHEAP.	1
Audio	1
is	1
great,	1
in	1
my	1
opinion;	1
calls	1
come	1
in	1
clear	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
be	1
heard	1
clearly	1
even	1
on	1
speakerphone2.	1
Doesn't	1
replace	1
a	1
good	1
digicam,	1
but	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
camera	1
I've	1
seen	1
so	1
far.	1
Affordable	1
and	1
functional.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
wife	1
for	1
christmas	1
and	1
i	1
am	1
disapointed	1
in	1
the	1
voice	1
quality.	1
The	1
product	1
works	1
as	1
intended.	1
*	1
Camera	1
quality	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
impromptu	1
shots.	1
The	1
stereo	1
mode	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
iTunes	1
or	1
WMP,	1
with	1
the	1
track	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
headset,	1
too.	1
!Hope	1
you	1
find	1
this	1
helpfulBTW	1
the	1
sticky	1
stuff	1
on	1
the	1
keyboard	1
is	1
a	1
a	1
real	1
pain	1
to	1
get	1
off	1
!	1
I'm	1
not	1
so	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
after	1
installing	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
device.	1
And	1
I'm	1
no	1
germophobe!	1
Terrible	1
Fit.	1
Good	1
product,	1
just	1
what	1
I	1
needed	1
at	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
I	1
was	1
constantly	1
getting	1
the	1
message	1
"network	1
not	1
available".	1
As	1
stated	1
above	1
my	1
wife	1
is	1
sort	1
of	1
tech-challenged	1
but	1
loves	1
pictures	1
and	1
loves	1
to	1
talk.	1
hands	1
free	1
phone	1
accessory.	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
design.	1
I	1
can't	1
recommend	1
this.	1
*The	1
convenient	1
web-browser	1
button	1
is	1
not	1
so	1
convenient.	1
T-Mobile	1
Dash	1
"Clear"	1
Snap	1
on	1
Case.	1
Samsung	1
technical	1
support	1
agreed	1
that	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work	1
and	1
their	1
response	1
to	1
me	1
was	1
"too	1
bad	1
for	1
you".	1
It	1
is	1
MUCH	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
old	1
headset.	1
Ask	1
me,	1
this	1
phone	1
had	1
lots	1
problems	1
but	1
mainly	1
it	1
crashes	1
and	1
displays	1
the	1
main	1
screen.	1
The	1
power	1
button	1
was	1
very	1
difficult	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
and	1
use.	1
It	1
works	1
well	1
,I	1
will	1
get	1
two	1
hours	1
service	1
before	1
it	1
needs	1
a	1
recharge.	1
I	1
HATE	1
the	1
keypad!!	1
Electronics	1
Order.	1
It	1
absolutely	1
is	1
NOT.	1
Can't	1
go	1
wrong	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
.	1
There	1
is	1
even	1
a	1
light	1
with	1
a	1
switch	1
so	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
dark	1
with	1
turning	1
on	1
an	1
overhead	1
light.	1
It	1
totaly	1
spoiled	1
the	1
experience.	1
Can't	1
hear	1
you.	1
I	1
don't	1
mean	1
that.	1
Maybe	1
amazon	1
should	1
pay	1
more	1
attention.	1
They	1
are	1
an	1
uncomfortable	1
shape/size.	1
The	1
Charger	1
simply	1
didnt	1
work.	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
Internet	1
for	1
work	1
purposes	1
quite	1
a	1
bit	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
typing	1
easier	1
than	1
expected.	1
Very	1
impressive	1
piece	1
of	1
hardware.	1
short	1
battery	1
life.	1
Very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
you	1
even	1
forget	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
device	1
hanging	1
from	1
your	1
ear.	1
Great	1
introduction	1
to	1
cell	1
phone	1
possibilities.	1
and	1
pretty	1
heavy	1
base.	1
A	1
truly	1
bad	1
product	1
from	1
Belkin!	1
I	1
talked	1
to	1
my	1
wife	1
yesterday	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
cut	1
out	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
times.	1
Delivery	1
was	1
on	1
time,	1
Product	1
was	1
in	1
seald,	1
Brand	1
new	1
as	1
it	1
says	1
on	1
the	1
web,I	1
will	1
recomend	1
my	1
friends	1
>>>>	1
Suhel,N.J	1
I	1
GOT	1
STUCK	1
WITH	1
11	1
PHONES	1
that	1
DO	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
IN	1
THE	1
US.	1
Batteries	1
wont	1
hold	1
charge..	1
I	1
would	1
like	1
a	1
refund.	1
Plenty	1
of	1
cord	1
available	1
to	1
permit	1
housing	1
phone	1
anywhere	1
on	1
the	1
dash.	1
I	1
used	1
this	1
phone	1
from	1
August	1
2002	1
-	1
November	1
2003.	1
I'm	1
really	1
disappointed	1
by	1
the	1
way	1
they	1
treat	1
their	1
customers	1
and	1
Amazon	1
putting	1
a	1
wrong	1
description	1
of	1
the	1
product.	1
The	1
magnet	1
for	1
shuting	1
off	1
the	1
Pearl's	1
screen	1
works	1
perfect.	1
I	1
tried	1
in	1
another	1
car	1
and	1
it's	1
loud.	1
Big	1
bang	1
for	1
the	1
buck.	1
Called	1
T-Mobile	1
support..	1
They	1
are	1
putting	1
in	1
a	1
request	1
to	1
point	1
an	1
antenna	1
towards	1
my	1
house.	1
Couldn't	1
find	1
any	1
covers	1
in	1
the	1
stores	1
that	1
were	1
priced	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
this.	1
However,	1
the	1
easier	1
predictive	1
text	1
entry	1
fo	1
the	1
Blackberry	1
7100t	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
to	1
type	1
and	1
send	1
email.	1
It	1
would	1
only	1
charge.	1
Great	1
fidelity!.	1
Plus,	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
wear	1
it	1
off	1
your	1
ear	1
-	1
either	1
clip	1
it	1
to	1
your	1
shirt	1
/	1
jacket	1
or	1
hang	1
it	1
around	1
your	1
neck.We	1
use	1
sony	1
ericsson	1
for	1
our	1
phones.	1
For	1
example,	1
it	1
is	1
useless	1
in	1
an	1
airport,	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
barely	1
hear	1
it	1
when	1
driving	1
at	1
highway	1
speed	1
in	1
my	1
car	1
(which	1
is	1
fairly	1
quiet).	1
Very	1
please	1
with	1
my	1
screen	1
protector.	1
They	1
could	1
not.	1
I	1
know	1
the	1
Razr	1
V3	1
isn't	1
the	1
newest	1
of	1
phones	1
and	1
that	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
it	1
will	1
be	1
available	1
soon;	1
but	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
this.	1
Cheap	1
Battery,	1
Cheap	1
Performance.	1
Is	1
a	1
very	1
poor	1
copy	1
of	1
the	1
original.Initial	1
price	1
should	1
be	1
10	1
USD.Do	1
not	1
by	1
if	1
you	1
care	1
about	1
your	1
money.	1
But...the	1
sound	1
for	1
the	1
person	1
listening	1
to	1
you	1
is	1
truly	1
awful.	1
You	1
should	1
have	1
said	1
in	1
the	1
ad	1
there	1
wasn't	1
a	1
charger	1
A	1
good	1
case	1
for	1
R280LX.	1
Phone	1
fit	1
perfectly.	1
It's	1
a	1
$25	1
buck	1
case	1
retail.	1
After	1
about	1
two	1
hours	1
of	1
talking,	1
the	1
signal	1
is	1
too	1
weak	1
to	1
stay	1
connected	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
AIM	1
Instant	1
Messaging7.	1
However,	1
when	1
I	1
recieved	1
the	1
battery	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
BT51	1
instead.	1
A	1
friend	1
and	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
together,	1
and	1
both	1
of	1
us	1
are	1
seriously	1
under-whelmed	1
by	1
its	1
"military	1
grade	1
noise	1
shield	1
technology".	1
The	1
RAZR	1
a	1
MUCH	1
better	1
choice!	1
Material	1
+	1
Worksmanship	1
is	1
excellent.	1
I	1
prefer	1
the	1
wired	1
headset	1
over	1
bluetooth	1
as	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
quality	1
of	1
sound	1
deteriorates	1
too	1
quickly.	1
I	1
hope	1
you	1
enjoy	1
it!	1
I've	1
been	1
on	1
edge	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
prior	1
slim	1
designs,	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
heavier.	1
Try	1
it...I'd	1
been	1
shopping	1
for	1
many	1
months	1
now	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
phone	1
and	1
a	1
portable	1
mp3	1
player.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
4.0	1
Motorola	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
with	1
Original	1
Motorola	1
Cable.	1
And	1
this	1
fills	1
my	1
bill	1
nicely.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
battery	1
because	1
the	1
old	1
one	1
I	1
had	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
wouldn't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
very	1
long.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
International	1
Galaxy	1
note	1
N7000	1
and	1
it	1
fits	1
great.	1
The	1
snaps	1
themselves	1
break..	1
1.	1
We	1
haven't	1
received	1
the	1
replacement	1
yet	1
so	1
I	1
can't	1
comment	1
on	1
that.	1
This	1
car	1
charger	1
is	1
still	1
working;	1
whereas	1
the	1
original	1
motorola	1
car	1
charger	1
blew	1
the	1
fuse	1
box	1
after	1
just	1
one	1
time	1
use.	1
Works	1
perfectly	1
with	1
the	1
xbox	1
controllers	1
and	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
can't	1
be	1
more	1
pleased.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
Ford	1
Taurus	1
which	1
costs	1
$800	1
to	1
add	1
a	1
CD	1
changer	1
to.	1
I	1
can	1
wear	1
that	1
and	1
don't	1
hear	1
any	1
echo,	1
or	1
any	1
sort	1
of	1
static.	1
The	1
reception	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
about	1
equal	1
with	1
both	1
phones	1
in	1
the	1
area	1
we	1
live.	1
Wish	1
I	1
could	1
have	1
tried	1
it	1
before	1
buying.	1
I	1
guess	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for,	1
the	1
clip	1
broke	1
within	1
the	1
first	1
day.	1
I	1
can	1
really	1
utilize	1
docs,	1
excell,	1
pdfs	1
very	1
easily.	1
Contrary	1
to	1
what	1
some	1
people	1
have	1
said,	1
it	1
*does*	1
simultaneously	1
connect	1
with	1
a	1
phone	1
and	1
PC.	1
Add	1
a	1
4GB	1
or	1
8GB	1
sd	1
memory	1
card,	1
and	1
you	1
essentially	1
have	1
an	1
iPod	1
nano	1
inside	1
your	1
phone.The	1
good	1
i	1
ordered	1
2	1
seperate	1
starter	1
kits	1
the	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
wife	1
was	1
right	1
but	1
the	1
one	1
for	1
me	1
was	1
the	1
wrong	1
phone.	1
I	1
get	1
so	1
many	1
comments	1
oh	1
where	1
did	1
you	1
get	1
the	1
that	1
phone?	1
I	1
pulled	1
off	1
the	1
road	1
and	1
turned	1
off	1
my	1
MP3	1
and	1
the	1
surprise	1
was	1
that	1
there	1
was	1
an	1
actual	1
station	1
on	1
the	1
setting	1
I	1
was	1
using.	1
Fast	1
delivery,	1
product	1
as	1
stated	1
....+-ADT	1
Slim,	1
feature	1
packed	1
and	1
GPS	1
Navigation.	1
I	1
never	1
really	1
had	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
such	1
as	1
reception	1
or	1
battery	1
life.	1
I	1
also	1
can	1
download	1
the	1
photo's	1
in	1
my	1
camera	1
to	1
my	1
computer.	1
Works	1
perfectly..	1
I've	1
used	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
month	1
now	1
with	1
my	1
SE	1
w810i	1
and	1
I've	1
had	1
zero	1
problems	1
with	1
it.	1
Great	1
price..	1
Battery	1
at	1
phone	1
store	1
was	1
three	1
times	1
what	1
I	1
paided	1
at	1
Amazon.It	1
works	1
just	1
fine.	1
Range	1
in	1
the	1
office	1
is	1
great,	1
closer	1
to	1
50	1
feet	1
away	1
is	1
average	1
before	1
it	1
will	1
drop.	1
Do	1
not	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
I	1
fiddled	1
around	1
with	1
the	1
controls	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
and	1
made	1
about	1
35	1
calls	1
to	1
my	1
wife	1
to	1
test	1
(she	1
was	1
annoyed).	1
Fits	1
okay,	1
sounds	1
good,	1
costs	1
little.	1
I	1
guess	1
that	1
isn't	1
a	1
really	1
bad	1
problem	1
so	1
I	1
think	1
if	1
I	1
could,	1
I	1
would	1
rate	1
this	1
4	1
1/2	1
stars,	1
but	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
kinda	1
high	1
for	1
the	1
product.	1
The	1
front	1
pocket	1
does	1
a	1
fine	1
job	1
of	1
holding	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
trouble	1
with	1
the	1
back	1
holding	1
the	1
battery.	1
Overall,	1
a	1
great	1
headset.	1
Amazon	1
will	1
also	1
do	1
nothing	1
to	1
reimburse.	1
when	1
you're	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
and	1
need	1
to	1
charge	1
both	1
devices	1
off	1
a	1
single	1
car	1
charger2.)	1
Went	1
dead	1
after	1
3	1
months	1
use.	1
That	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
disappointment,	1
regretably	1
there	1
were	1
more	1
to	1
come.	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
perfectly	1
a	1
walkman	1
phone	1
with	1
good	1
sound	1
quality.	1
Amazon	1
should	1
state	1
that	1
this	1
product	1
cost	1
what	1
it	1
cost	1
only	1
if	1
you	1
get	1
the	1
$29.99	1
data	1
plan	1
and	1
not	1
sneak	1
it	1
into	1
your	1
cost.	1
These	1
are	1
600mAH	1
and	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
received	1
was	1
open	1
circuit.Get	1
the	1
more	1
expensive	1
ones	1
that	1
Staples	1
sell.	1
only	1
if	1
it	1
looked	1
better.	1
Same	1
reliable	1
Plantronics	1
quality,	1
works	1
with	1
the	1
HL-10	1
lifter	1
that	1
I	1
already	1
had,	1
and	1
is	1
crystal	1
clear	1
with	1
the	1
Dect	1
6.0	1
technology.	1
Dont	1
recommend.	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
remove	1
ear	1
hook	1
to	1
charge	1
and	1
you	1
will	1
break	1
it	1
doing	1
this,	1
no	1
matter	1
how	1
careful	1
you	1
are.	1
And	1
the	1
contract	1
is	1
for	1
two	1
years.	1
It	1
started	1
playing	1
the	1
mp3	1
I	1
had	1
set	1
up	1
as	1
the	1
ring	1
tone	1
but	1
the	1
phone	1
never	1
actually	1
said	1
I	1
was	1
receiving	1
a	1
call.	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
hold	1
it	1
down	1
long	1
enough	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
off,	1
it	1
does	1
a	1
re-dial.	1
Works	1
as	1
expected..	1
A	1
pretty	1
simple,	1
but	1
necessary	1
device	1
if	1
you	1
find	1
yourself	1
away	1
from	1
your	1
laptop	1
or	1
wall	1
charger	1
for	1
long	1
periods	1
of	1
time.	1
All	1
devices	1
should	1
standardize	1
on	1
USB	1
power	1
with	1
a	1
mini	1
B	1
connector.	1
(granted	1
this	1
is	1
subjective)Camera	1
pics	1
are	1
blurred	1
and	1
again	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
my	1
wifes	1
off	1
brand.	1
Great	1
Blu-tooth.	1
Awesome	1
Screen	1
protector.	1
A	1
paper	1
airplane	1
with	1
a	1
note	1
and	1
a	1
strong	1
wind	1
is	1
more	1
effective	1
than	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
worst	1
part	1
is	1
that	1
my	1
phone	1
usually	1
does	1
not	1
tell	1
me	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
low	1
battery	1
until	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
a	1
phone	1
conversation.	1
Everybody	1
complains	1
that	1
he/she	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
crappy	1
Soyo	1
headset	1
with	1
my	1
cellphone.	1
If	1
you	1
dont	1
talk	1
at	1
all	1
standby	1
time	1
will	1
be	1
15	1
hours.Normally	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
good	1
for	1
100	1
hours.Go	1
and	1
buy	1
original	1
one	1
from	1
motorola	1
store.	1
she	1
cant	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
til	1
august,	1
but	1
her	1
battery	1
only	1
lasted	1
an	1
hour	1
off	1
the	1
charger!	1
Then	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
wrong	1
battery.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
prepaid	1
deal..	1
If	1
you're	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
prepaid	1
pay	1
as	1
you	1
go	1
plan,	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
it.	1
It	1
paired	1
easily	1
with	1
her	1
Env2	1
Verizon	1
phone.	1
Motorola	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
4.0	1
Software.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
I	1
got	1
along	1
without	1
one	1
before.	1
Excellent	1
VFM	1
(value	1
for	1
money).	1
It	1
just	1
breaks.	1
This	1
is	1
useless	1
and	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money	1
and	1
resources.	1
Thank	1
you	1
Amazon	1
Very	1
clear	1
and	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
Unless	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
very	1
quiet	1
place	1
to	1
talk....	1
The	1
problem	1
with	1
Bluetooth	1
headsets	1
in	1
general	1
is	1
they	1
are	1
near	1
your	1
ear	1
but	1
4-5	1
inches	1
your	1
mouth.	1
It	1
works	1
just	1
like	1
the	1
original!.	1
Seems	1
like	1
a	1
design	1
flaw	1
to	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
feel	1
a	1
bit	1
ripped	1
off.	1
These	1
phones	1
don't	1
last.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
put	1
on	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
take	1
off	1
and	1
it	1
stays	1
put.	1
Earpieces	1
are	1
largest	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
so	1
far.	1
The	1
headset	1
gets	1
4	1
stars,	1
Webtreo	1
only	1
gets	1
1	1
star.I	1
wouldn't	1
order	1
any	1
products	1
from	1
them	1
again.	1
My	1
daughter	1
had	1
"customized"	1
the	1
otside	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
glu-on	1
pearly	1
stuff	1
by	1
then,	1
so	1
we	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
a	1
replacement.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
privacy	1
and	1
the	1
individual	1
plans	1
too.	1
Sound	1
is	1
clear,	1
size	1
is	1
small.	1
Superb	1
sound	1
(HiFi)3.	1
It	1
is	1
lightweight	1
and	1
comfortable.	1
I	1
was	1
apprehensive	1
at	1
first	1
with	1
the	1
number	1
of	1
so	1
so	1
reviews	1
on	1
Amazon,	1
but	1
what	1
is	1
a	1
better	1
alternative?	1
Such	1
lack	1
of	1
durability	1
is	1
not	1
acceptable	1
regardless	1
of	1
cost.	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
battery.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
ear	1
loop	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
get	1
the	1
unit	1
close	1
enough	1
to	1
my	1
ear	1
to	1
hear	1
it.2.	1
After	1
receiving	1
this	1
and	1
using	1
it,	1
I	1
discovered	1
that	1
all	1
4	1
of	1
my	1
speakers	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
ipod.	1
C.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
poor	1
at	1
best.	1
Good	1
sound	1
bad	1
construction.	1
No	1
sound	1
at	1
all.Im	1
gonna	1
try	1
it	1
out	1
with	1
a	1
Rzr	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
the	1
problem	1
is	1
of	1
compatibility,although	1
the	1
sellers	1
specs.	1
To	1
any	1
ppl	1
who	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
market	1
for	1
a	1
new	1
phone,	1
I	1
whole	1
heartedly	1
recomment	1
the	1
motorola	1
SLVR	1
L7.	1
When	1
you	1
check	1
your	1
minutes	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
daunting	1
process	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
unknown	1
words	1
verizon	1
uses.	1
First	1
of	1
all,	1
I	1
despise	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
state	1
of	1
CA	1
made	1
me	1
purchase	1
a	1
headset.	1
Fortunately	1
the	1
phone	1
landed	1
on	1
my	1
lap	1
and	1
not	1
the	1
ground.	1
Overall	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
pleased	1
I	1
charged	1
the	1
unit	1
and	1
then	1
called	1
Nokia	1
tech	1
support	1
and	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
15	1
minutes	1
the	1
headset	1
was	1
giving	1
me	1
a	1
low	1
battery	1
warning.	1
Cheaply	1
made.	1
Definitely	1
get	1
one	1
that	1
has	1
some	1
sort	1
of	1
closure	1
or	1
flap.	1
The	1
ph	1
has	1
some	1
good	1
features	1
but	1
LCD	1
screen	1
is	1
very	1
flimsy	1
and	1
pressure	1
sensitive.	1
Plus	1
while	1
clicking	1
a	1
video,	1
the	1
light	1
goes	1
on	1
and	1
off,	1
if	1
the	1
flash	1
light	1
is	1
turned	1
on.3.	1
You	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
battery	1
lover	1
to	1
like	1
this	1
one.	1
Don't	1
go	1
with	1
the	1
flow!	1
I	1
havent	1
had	1
signal	1
for	1
almost	1
two	1
weeks.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
August	1
2002.	1
I've	1
paired	1
this	1
with	1
Motorola	1
Krazr,	1
Razr,	1
Blackberry	1
and	1
Treo.	1
Good	1
lookin'.	1
However,	1
the	1
buttons	1
are	1
really	1
tiny	1
and	1
scrunched	1
together.	1
My	1
Upgrade.	1
It	1
makes	1
a	1
connection,	1
but	1
it's	1
in	1
at	1
an	1
angle	1
and	1
not	1
really	1
seated.	1
Great	1
color	1
screen,	1
bluetooth,	1
good	1
reception,	1
decent	1
camera,	1
user-friendly	1
enough	1
for	1
me.	1
Now	1
I	1
can	1
wear	1
my	1
Jawbone	1
all	1
day!	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
my	1
old	1
battery	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
not	1
hold	1
a	1
charge.	1
Highly	1
Recommend	1
as	1
seller!!	1
Then	1
it	1
happened	1
again,	1
so	1
we	1
tried	1
the	1
same	1
thigs	1
again,	1
and	1
it	1
worked	1
again.	1
Can	1
leave	1
plugged	1
in	1
overnight	1
and	1
it	1
does	1
NOT	1
charge	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
did	1
some	1
research	1
and	1
found	1
that	1
my	1
software	1
version	1
was	1
.342.	1
Did	1
not	1
likee	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
this	1
ordre	1
was	1
one	1
time	1
and	1
compleate.	1
Product	1
was	1
as	1
specified	1
and	1
delivered	1
on	1
time.	1
THIS	1
CAR	1
KIT	1
IS	1
A	1
MUST	1
FOR	1
ANYONE	1
WHO	1
USES	1
THE	1
CELL	1
PHONE	1
WHILE	1
DRIVING.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
short	1
and	1
takes	1
forever	1
to	1
charge.	1
It	1
has	1
effects	1
and	1
frames	1
for	1
the	1
camera!	1
Why	1
was	1
this	1
so	1
hard	1
for	1
them	1
to	1
comprehend.	1
The	1
battiers	1
work	1
well.	1
Good	1
for	1
charging	1
TREO	1
and	1
extra	1
battery	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time.	1
The	1
unit	1
is	1
light	1
as	1
a	1
feather.	1
EXELENTE	1
CONECTOR.	1
Plus,	1
they	1
dont	1
slip	1
in	1
your	1
hands	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
rubber	1
and	1
gives	1
a	1
good	1
grip!	1
Her	1
phone	1
would	1
constantly	1
dial	1
me	1
while	1
bouncing	1
around	1
in	1
her	1
purse.	1
My	1
installation	1
was	1
inside	1
the	1
attic	1
near	1
a	1
window	1
where	1
I	1
was	1
getting	1
3-full	1
bars.	1
HOT	1
PINK	1
MAGENTA	1
PROGUARD	1
COVER	1
SNAP-ON	1
CASE	1
for	1
MOTOROLA	1
RAZR.	1
Forget	1
about	1
it.	1
Words	1
cannot	1
describe	1
how	1
happy	1
I	1
am	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
So	1
small,	1
you	1
might	1
lose	1
it!It	1
took	1
many	1
tries	1
to	1
find	1
to	1
correct	1
fit	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
got	1
mine	1
at	1
myrateplandotcom	1
for	1
$49.00	1
with	1
a	1
two	1
year	1
contract.	1
I	1
mean,	1
do	1
you	1
REALLY	1
want	1
to	1
have	1
to	1
pull	1
out	1
a	1
stylus	1
to	1
fire	1
off	1
a	1
quick	1
e-mail	1
while	1
sitting	1
at	1
a	1
red	1
light?	1
Overall,	1
the	1
layout	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
straight	1
forward	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
No	1
one	1
should	1
profit	1
out	1
of	1
selling	1
this	1
junk.	1
And	1
then	1
because	1
the	1
switch	1
wasn't	1
working,	1
when	1
I	1
closed	1
the	1
phone,	1
the	1
inside	1
screen	1
would	1
stay	1
on	1
all	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
drain	1
my	1
battery.	1
Would	1
have	1
given	1
it	1
a	1
Zero.	1
Haven't	1
heard	1
any	1
one	1
complaining	1
about	1
an	1
echo,	1
as	1
some	1
other	1
users	1
had	1
mentioned	1
in	1
their	1
reviews.	1
In	1
fact,	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
press	1
the	1
buttons	1
just	1
trying	1
to	1
open	1
the	1
phone.7.	1
Very	1
satisfied-overall.	1
Reception	1
is	1
great	1
in	1
Dallas	1
and	1
their	1
plans	1
are	1
a	1
lot	1
better	1
than	1
Cingulars.	1
And	1
the	1
compnay	1
has	1
not	1
contacted	1
me	1
about	1
returning	1
it.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
replacement,	1
but	1
Brookstone	1
was	1
no	1
help.	1
I	1
recommended	1
this	1
seller	1
and	1
the	1
product.	1
Loads	1
easily	1
onto	1
phone.	1
The	1
t-305	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product	1
and	1
a	1
must	1
have	1
in	1
places	1
where	1
holding	1
a	1
phone	1
while	1
driving	1
is	1
against	1
the	1
law.	1
I	1
received	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
ordered	1
very	1
quickly.	1
The	1
one	1
gripe	1
i	1
had	1
about	1
the	1
SK2	1
is	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
included	1
alarm	1
other	1
than	1
whats	1
on	1
the	1
calender	1
feature.	1
It's	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
case	1
I've	1
had.	1
I	1
had	1
registered	1
the	1
product	1
(highly	1
recommended	1
on	1
any	1
product	1
you	1
buy)	1
with	1
Plantronics	1
and	1
called	1
them	1
about	1
the	1
problem.	1
Needless	1
to	1
say	1
the	1
customer	1
service	1
rep	1
was	1
not	1
happy	1
he	1
had	1
to	1
provide	1
me	1
with	1
a	1
brand	1
new	1
replacement	1
phone.	1
HE	1
DOESN'T	1
GET	1
RECEPTION	1
IN	1
CHALFONT,	1
PLYMOUTH	1
MEETING,	1
AND	1
SOME	1
AREA	1
OF	1
PHILADELPHIA.	1
I	1
uploaded	1
one	1
online	1
(for	1
25	1
cents)	1
to	1
see	1
how	1
it	1
looked	1
full-size.	1
I	1
have	1
heard	1
of	1
others	1
having	1
the	1
same	1
problem.2.	1
Having	1
never	1
subjected	1
it	1
to	1
any	1
abuse,	1
I'm	1
way	1
less	1
than	1
impressed.	1
These	1
ear	1
gels	1
saved	1
my	1
life!	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
and	1
Blue	1
Ant	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
that	1
are	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
best	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
Monster	1
is	1
known	1
for	1
it's	1
high	1
performance	1
cables	1
and	1
they	1
really	1
put	1
that	1
competency	1
to	1
use	1
in	1
this	1
product.	1
Unlike	1
other	1
phones	1
this	1
phone	1
includes	1
Speaker	1
Phone,	1
4X	1
Digital	1
Camera,	1
Bluetooth	1
Technology,	1
and	1
MPEG4	1
Video	1
Playback.	1
Very	1
useful,	1
great	1
quality.	1
It	1
didn't	1
fit	1
as	1
snug	1
as	1
i	1
had	1
hoped	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
multiple	1
times	1
where	1
the	1
part	1
that	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
come	1
loose.	1
Good,	1
clear	1
reception.	1
Ordered	1
2	1
of	1
them.	1
This	1
thing	1
isn't	1
about	1
to	1
replace	1
your	1
PDA,	1
but	1
it	1
gets	1
close.	1
The	1
various	1
combinations	1
of	1
ear	1
bud	1
and	1
ear	1
loop	1
just	1
gives	1
you	1
more	1
ways	1
to	1
inflict	1
pain	1
on	1
your	1
ears.	1
It	1
does	1
what	1
they	1
say	1
it	1
does!	1
For	1
its	1
attractive	1
price,	1
durability,	1
and	1
attention	1
to	1
detail,	1
I	1
doubt	1
that	1
one	1
can	1
find	1
a	1
more	1
useful	1
and	1
handsome	1
custom-fitted	1
case.	1
Excellent	1
price	1
for	1
the	1
charger.	1
The	1
Flexicase	1
makes	1
the	1
buttons	1
somewhat	1
splashproof,	1
making	1
it	1
possible	1
to	1
carry	1
coffee	1
and	1
work	1
your	1
Treo	1
in	1
the	1
same	1
hand.	1
It	1
operates	1
as	1
a	1
normal	1
new	1
battery	1
would.	1
Connects	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Android	1
cellphone.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
several	1
over	1
the	1
last	1
few	1
years.	1
Great	1
Value.	1
I	1
saw	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
instantly	1
wanted	1
to	1
get	1
it.	1
Overall	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
pretty	1
good.	1
In	1
less	1
than	1
one	1
year,	1
three	1
of	1
the	1
four	1
phones	1
needed	1
repair,	1
one	1
of	1
them	1
twice.	1
I	1
never	1
really	1
was	1
into	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
until	1
I	1
found	1
out	1
I	1
could	1
use	1
them	1
for	1
online	1
gaming	1
communication	1
with	1
my	1
PS3.	1
OK,	1
if	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
recognize	1
the	1
word	1
YES.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
cheap,	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
deal.	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
batteries	1
now	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
definitely	1
not	1
new	1
as	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
every	1
third	1
or	1
fourth	1
day.	1
*When	1
scrolling	1
through	1
the	1
phonebook,	1
trying	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
name,	1
you	1
cannot	1
search	1
for	1
the	1
name.	1
Worked	1
for	1
2	1
months.	1
The	1
bluetooth	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
stripped	1
down	1
to	1
only	1
work	1
with	1
headsets.Otherwise:Light-weightThinGood	1
battery	1
life	1
too.	1
No	1
wonder	1
armies	1
shoot	1
themselves	1
in	1
the	1
foot.And	1
no,	1
despite	1
the	1
changeable	1
earbuds,	1
neither	1
of	1
us	1
have	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
comfortable	1
fit.	1
It	1
did	1
however	1
work	1
as	1
adavertised.	1
Other	1
than	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
great.	1
We	1
tested	1
in	1
a	1
convertible	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
fine.	1
might	1
just	1
be	1
her	1
phone	1
or	1
maybe	1
it's	1
too	1
small	1
and	1
the	1
mic	1
is	1
too	1
far	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
mouth	1
to	1
adequately	1
pick	1
up/transmit	1
a	1
loud	1
enough	1
voice.	1
I	1
currently	1
own	1
and	1
have	1
owned	1
the	1
Samsung	1
D807,	1
and	1
I	1
sm	1
happy	1
to	1
have	1
reverted	1
back	1
to	1
it.	1
The	1
voices	1
are	1
loud	1
and	1
clear	1
and	1
my	1
voice	1
also	1
carries	1
through	1
very	1
clear	1
(according	1
to	1
the	1
people	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
talked	1
to	1
using	1
the	1
headset).	1
Sure,	1
everybody	1
likes	1
Razrs	1
because	1
they	1
are	1
the	1
most	1
well-known	1
and	1
popular	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
world,	1
practically,	1
but	1
they	1
are	1
pieces	1
of	1
junk!	1
Overall,	1
it	1
really	1
protects	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
looks	1
really	1
nice.	1
I	1
saved	1
a	1
pile	1
of	1
money	1
plus	1
Bargain	1
Cell	1
got	1
the	1
item	1
here	1
in	1
a	1
short	1
time.	1
great	1
phone	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
on	1
my	1
4th	1
Motorola	1
V300,	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
only	1
because	1
I	1
spent	1
$300's	1
on	1
it	1
and	1
T-Mobile	1
will	1
not	1
substitute	1
another	1
phone	1
for	1
replacement.	1
Minor	1
gripe	1
would	1
be	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
tends	1
to	1
hurt	1
after	1
a	1
while...but	1
hey...you	1
can	1
always	1
switch	1
ears	1
as	1
the	1
piece	1
is	1
reversible.	1
So	1
I	1
downloaded	1
my	1
favorite	1
songs	1
on	1
my	1
Sansa	1
view.	1
Would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
replacement	1
battery.	1
Definitivamente	1
este	1
es	1
uno	1
de	1
los	1
mejores	1
covers	1
que	1
he	1
encontrado	1
para	1
mi	1
note.	1
Other	1
headsets	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
don't	1
stay	1
on,	1
flop	1
around,	1
or	1
are	1
just	1
in	1
general	1
uncomfortable.	1
And	1
then	1
once	1
it	1
is	1
on,	1
it	1
can	1
ring,	1
but	1
of	1
course	1
you	1
can	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
silent.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
the	1
320	1
&	1
330	1
were	1
close	1
to	1
each	1
other	1
in	1
all	1
respects.	1
The	1
"speakerphone"	1
feature	1
is	1
only	1
useful	1
because	1
the	1
standard	1
volume	1
turned	1
up	1
to	1
max	1
is	1
barely	1
hearable.3.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
on	1
the	1
included	1
ear	1
buds	1
isn't	1
too	1
bad	1
for	1
the	1
price,	1
but	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
using	1
buds	1
and	1
wanted	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
regular	1
headset.	1
and	1
then	1
the	1
send	1
key	1
began	1
to	1
stick.	1
Who	1
keeps	1
a	1
sales	1
slip	1
for	1
nine	1
months?	1
Poor	1
reception.	1
They	1
did	1
not	1
even	1
request	1
the	1
slight	1
additional	1
price	1
difference.	1
This	1
will	1
correct	1
the	1
problem,	1
but	1
the	1
better	1
way	1
is	1
to	1
re-solder	1
the	1
wires	1
on	1
the	1
printed	1
circuit	1
board	1
in	1
reverse	1
locations.	1
Go	1
with	1
the	1
Blue	1
Ant	1
Z9	1
instead.	1
It	1
paired	1
and	1
worked	1
okay	1
if	1
I	1
was	1
using	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
house.	1
You	1
can	1
take	1
very	1
intriguing	1
shots	1
with	1
this	1
device,	1
but	1
these	1
wonderful	1
features	1
aren't	1
what	1
makes	1
this	1
mobile	1
phone	1
unique.	1
Simple	1
as	1
that.	1
It	1
was	1
not	1
worth	1
my	1
time	1
and	1
money	1
anymore	1
and	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
the	1
design	1
to	1
begin	1
with	1
and	1
decided	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
item.	1
I	1
did	1
get	1
an	1
erroneous	1
impression	1
from	1
the	1
product	1
details	1
(Amazon	1
or	1
elsewhere)	1
that	1
a	1
charging	1
base	1
was	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
package;	1
not	1
so.PRO	1
well,	1
I	1
am	1
sorry	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone.	1
*While	1
I'm	1
not	1
a	1
big	1
fan	1
of	1
camera	1
phones	1
(but	1
still	1
find	1
them	1
practical),	1
I	1
thought	1
i'd	1
mention	1
this	1
for	1
those	1
of	1
you	1
who	1
are.	1
A	1
great	1
buy!	1
My	1
favorite	1
things	1
about	1
my	1
samsung	1
cell	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
reception,	1
its	1
clear	1
and	1
it	1
rarely	1
drops	1
calls	1
on	1
me.	1
I	1
have	1
looked	1
at	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
pay	1
as	1
you	1
go	1
plans	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
use	1
it	1
or	1
lose	1
it	1
clause	1
in	1
all	1
of	1
their	1
pay	1
as	1
you	1
go	1
plans.	1
screen	1
protectors.	1
They	1
enable	1
my	1
staff	1
to	1
move	1
about	1
the	1
office	1
when	1
necessary	1
and	1
also	1
alleviate	1
neck	1
discomfort	1
for	1
extended	1
phone	1
conversations.	1
It	1
was	1
fine	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
three	1
months,	1
after	1
that...	1
massive	1
drain.	1
Better	1
than	1
expected!.	1
Totally	1
Awesome	1
phone.	1
It's	1
a	1
one	1
size	1
fits	1
all	1
that	1
has	1
a	1
flexible	1
arch	1
that	1
contours	1
perfectly	1
around	1
any	1
ear.	1
Also,	1
I	1
am	1
unable	1
to	1
save	1
my	1
address	1
information	1
to	1
my	1
computer;	1
the	1
syncing	1
process	1
always	1
fails.	1
It	1
helps	1
if	1
you	1
use	1
the	1
"squeegee"	1
that	1
is	1
provided,	1
but	1
it	1
also	1
says	1
to	1
wait	1
24	1
hours.	1
OEM	1
from	1
"Eforcity".	1
There	1
were	1
no	1
problems	1
syncing	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
If	1
you	1
can't	1
increase	1
or	1
boost	1
a	1
weak	1
signal	1
then	1
this	1
thing	1
is	1
a	1
total	1
piece	1
of	1
garbage!!	1
IT	1
LOOSES	1
THE	1
CONNECTION	1
AFTER	1
A	1
FEW	1
MINUTES	1
OF	1
NOT	1
BEING	1
USED.	1
THANKS	1
AMAZON!	1
You	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
shut	1
the	1
phone	1
off,	1
or	1
it	1
would	1
occasionally	1
end	1
if	1
you	1
pressed	1
end	1
enough	1
times.	1
7	1
hours	1
talk	1
and	1
14	1
days	1
standby	1
is	1
a	1
huge	1
lie.	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
would	1
choose	1
it	1
again	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
it	1
to	1
do	1
all	1
over.	1
i	1
have	1
a	1
krazr	1
from	1
verizon	1
and	1
all	1
this	1
thing	1
did	1
was	1
make	1
my	1
signal	1
drasticaly	1
worse.	1
The	1
ear	1
hook	1
works	1
better	1
for	1
me	1
since	1
an	1
ear	1
bud	1
irritates	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
my	1
ear.	1
Would	1
recomend	1
to	1
all	1
who	1
are	1
in	1
need	1
of	1
this	1
item.	1
For	1
my	1
co-worker	1
who	1
used	1
the	1
device	1
more	1
than	1
me,	1
the	1
ring	1
of	1
buttons	1
around	1
the	1
centre	1
button	1
also	1
fell	1
off.	1
BTW,	1
the	1
touchscreen	1
and	1
front	1
face	1
is	1
left	1
open,	1
so	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
part	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
still	1
damage.	1
It	1
appears	1
brand	1
new	1
but	1
won't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
over	1
a	1
24	1
hrs.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
screen	1
cover	1
lifts	1
and	1
yet	1
helps	1
to	1
protect	1
the	1
screen	1
from	1
weird	1
entries.	1
Then	1
it	1
broke	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
weeks.	1
However,	1
try	1
a	1
service	1
other	1
than	1
T-Mobile.	1
I	1
replaced	1
the	1
HS850	1
with	1
a	1
Jabra	1
and	1
it's	1
much	1
better	1
But	1
it	1
exceded	1
my	1
expectations	1
overall.	1
It	1
and	1
the	1
items	1
still	1
slide	1
around.	1
Works	1
well;	1
good	1
price..	1
Works	1
very	1
well,	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
right.	1
Awesome	1
device.	1
You	1
can't	1
even	1
turn	1
the	1
phone	1
off	1
or	1
on	1
when	1
it's	1
locked	1
up	1
it's	1
just	1
frozen.	1
If	1
you're	1
a	1
former	1
Blackberry	1
user,	1
like	1
me,	1
you'll	1
likely	1
hate	1
this	1
phone.	1
its	1
not	1
"stereo"	1
at	1
all,	1
its	1
dual	1
channel	1
mono	1
at	1
best.	1
Motorola	1
charger.	1
I	1
was	1
unsure	1
how	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
protect	1
and	1
carry	1
my	1
new	1
Palm	1
Treo.	1
The	1
only	1
draw	1
back	1
is	1
that	1
they	1
come	1
in	1
singles;	1
they	1
should	1
be	1
sold	1
in	1
pack	1
of	1
about	1
five.	1
No	1
more	1
digging	1
around!Yes,	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
bulky.	1
I	1
am	1
really	1
delighted.The	1
main	1
problem	1
I	1
had	1
with	1
the	1
V300	1
was	1
limited	1
earpiece	1
volume	1
which	1
made	1
it	1
hard	1
to	1
hear	1
a	1
call	1
in	1
a	1
noisy	1
enviroment.	1
Nokia	1
3650.	1
I	1
wear	1
it	1
for	1
ten	1
hours	1
a	1
day,	1
five	1
days	1
a	1
week.	1
The	1
only	1
phone	1
I	1
can	1
honestly	1
say	1
is	1
so	1
compact	1
that	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
notice	1
when	1
it's	1
in	1
my	1
pocket.	1
Easy	1
to	1
install	1
and	1
operate.	1
Stopped	1
working	1
within	1
4	1
months	1
of	1
purchase.	1
It	1
crackles	1
and	1
people	1
complain	1
with	1
inability	1
to	1
hear	1
me.	1
But	1
that	1
may	1
be	1
just	1
fine	1
as	1
the	1
speaker	1
quality	1
is	1
so	1
poor	1
you	1
may	1
not	1
bother	1
using	1
it	1
anyway.	1
There	1
is	1
another	1
model	1
of	1
AC	1
adapter	1
that	1
allows	1
you	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
plug	1
in	1
the	1
headphones	1
or	1
other	1
accessories.	1
The	1
N800	1
stand	1
is	1
essential	1
for	1
my	1
day	1
to	1
day	1
use	1
of	1
the	1
N800,	1
both	1
for	1
standing	1
on	1
surfaces	1
and	1
also	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
grip	1
when	1
I	1
hold	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
hand.	1
Stick	1
with	1
Verizon	1
or	1
Cingular	1
and	1
you	1
will	1
be	1
much	1
happier	1
in	1
the	1
end.	1
(i	1
never	1
read	1
them	1
anyways).This	1
is	1
a	1
really	1
awesome	1
product	1
and	1
i	1
would	1
by	1
another	1
if	1
i	1
needed	1
it.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
almost	1
2	1
weeks	1
(just	1
before	1
my	1
14	1
trial	1
period	1
is	1
up)and	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
nothing	1
but	1
extra	1
poor	1
service.	1
Yes,	1
its	1
prone	1
to	1
interference,	1
but	1
I've	1
yet	1
to	1
see	1
a	1
unit	1
that	1
doesn't	1
occasionally	1
give	1
you	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
static	1
(JX10	1
-	1
I'm	1
looking	1
at	1
you!).	1
I	1
tried	1
returning	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
store	1
which	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
from	1
the	1
very	1
next	1
day	1
and	1
that	1
was	1
a	1
whole	1
other	1
fiasco.	1
Though	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
less	1
expensive	1
than	1
most	1
bluetooth	1
headsets,	1
it	1
wasn'tworth	1
the	1
frustration	1
for	1
me.	1
The	1
music	1
quality	1
is	1
great.	1
It	1
all	1
depends,	1
but	1
overall	1
I	1
give	1
this	1
headset	1
5	1
stars	1
cause	1
it	1
is	1
stellar	1
in	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
ease	1
of	1
use.	1
I'm	1
quite	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
little	1
number.	1
The	1
thing	1
is	1
not	1
bad,	1
but	1
the	1
battery	1
run	1
out	1
very	1
quickly	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
bulky	1
also	1
This	1
happened	1
with	1
both	1
batteries	1
I	1
ordered	1
from	1
CCM	1
Accessories.It's	1
past	1
the	1
return	1
period,	1
so	1
unfortunately	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
with	1
them	1
and	1
with	1
my	1
loss.	1
Case	1
for	1
HTC	1
X7501/	1
X7510.	1
Charges	1
my	1
Motorola	1
KRZR	1
K1m	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Bluetooth	1
(as	1
an	1
added	1
bonus	1
it	1
even	1
charges	1
my	1
MP3	1
player).	1
Now	1
we	1
have	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
what	1
to	1
do	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
fixed,	1
as	1
it's	1
stopped	1
working.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
item.	1
At	1
the	1
time,	1
I	1
didn't	1
know	1
whether	1
the	1
problem	1
was	1
my	1
phone	1
or	1
the	1
headset.It's	1
the	1
headset.	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
T-509.	1
While	1
the	1
device	1
does	1
produce	1
loud	1
enough	1
output,	1
the	1
output	1
is	1
full	1
of	1
static,	1
jumbled	1
and	1
indaudible.	1
I	1
think	1
these	1
are	1
counterfeit.	1
Thankfully	1
it	1
was	1
only	1
$5+S/H,	1
so	1
I	1
cant	1
really	1
complain.	1
Overall,	1
pretty	1
decent	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
price...	1
Yet	1
Amazon	1
refused.	1
Best	1
for	1
Small	1
Portable	1
Audio	1
Connections.	1
With	1
TracFone,	1
you	1
only	1
pay	1
for	1
what	1
you	1
use.	1
One	1
suggestion	1
is	1
flipping	1
the	1
cassette	1
part	1
over	1
if	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
that	1
way	1
in	1
your	1
player.	1
I	1
recommend	1
buying	1
one;	1
it's	1
fun	1
and	1
worth	1
it.	1
I'm	1
a	1
doctor	1
who	1
spends	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
time	1
wearing	1
scrubs	1
in	1
a	1
hospital.	1
Totally	1
brand	1
new	1
battery	1
and	1
definitely	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
We	1
were	1
concerned	1
about	1
the	1
size	1
of	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
behind	1
the	1
ear,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
non	1
issue.	1
Unfortunately	1
Ericsson	1
forgot	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
people	1
who	1
misled	1
by	1
reviews,	1
may	1
use	1
this	1
device	1
as	1
a	1
phone	1
as	1
well.	1
Its	1
surprisingly	1
small	1
size	1
really	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
to	1
wear	1
for	1
long	1
durations.	1
I	1
just	1
paid	1
$300	1
for	1
this	1
because	1
my	1
old	1
phone	1
was	1
stolen	1
and	1
I	1
wasn't	1
eligible	1
for	1
the	1
discount	1
you	1
normally	1
get	1
when	1
you	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
sleek	1
enough	1
to	1
fit	1
comfortably	1
and	1
securely	1
with	1
my	1
iPod	1
into	1
the	1
pocket	1
of	1
my	1
workout	1
shorts.	1
Regards,Reinhold	1
Very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
my	1
purchase!	1
It	1
will	1
also	1
do	1
a	1
"digit	1
dial"	1
function	1
where	1
you	1
just	1
say	1
the	1
#	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
dial	1
for	1
you.3.	1
GOOD	1
PRODUCT.	1
Within	1
one	1
month,	1
there	1
were	1
so	1
many	1
scratches	1
on	1
the	1
cheap	1
acrylic	1
that	1
i	1
couldn't	1
read	1
my	1
emails.	1
We	1
have	1
been	1
pleased	1
with	1
it's	1
performance.	1
It	1
is	1
an	1
exact	1
match	1
of	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
always	1
thought	1
that	1
Plantronics	1
was	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
and	1
the	1
best	1
headset	1
to	1
buy.	1
Can	1
you	1
hear	1
me	1
now?.	1
After	1
6	1
months	1
my	1
battery	1
doesnt	1
last	1
longer	1
than	1
one	1
day.	1
They	1
are	1
making	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
phones	1
right	1
now.	1
Wrong	1
plug.	1
It	1
will	1
recognize	1
the	1
phone	1
up	1
to	1
30	1
ft	1
away...I	1
tried	1
it!	1
Looks	1
great	1
but	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
lemon!.	1
I	1
replaced	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
Jabra	1
250v	1
and	1
absolutely	1
love	1
it.	1
Its	1
nice	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
turn	1
the	1
volume	1
up	1
even	1
more	1
if	1
needed	1
and	1
not	1
have	1
to	1
move	1
to	1
a	1
"quite	1
room".	1
It	1
was	1
the	1
best	1
purchase	1
I	1
ever	1
made.	1
However,	1
the	1
carrier	1
is	1
key	1
FYI	1
it's	1
really	1
bright	1
so	1
if	1
your	1
not	1
into	1
bright	1
then	1
this	1
one's	1
not	1
for	1
you;	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
like	1
me	1
then	1
by	1
all	1
means	1
get	1
it.	1
The	1
phone	1
would	1
freeze	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
disconnecting	1
from	1
a	1
call.	1
Now	1
I	1
don't	1
need	1
the	1
Ipod	1
for	1
short	1
trips.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
these	1
headphones	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
now,	1
and	1
so	1
far	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
I'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.My	1
original	1
goal	1
was	1
simple	1
There's	1
no	1
internet	1
browsing	1
or	1
downloading	1
(if	1
you	1
have	1
Sprint).	1
For	1
$600,	1
I	1
expected	1
much	1
more	1
than	1
this.	1
Simple	1
headset.	1
Haven't	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
yet.	1
For	1
those	1
who	1
are	1
not	1
sure,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
screen	1
protector	1
made	1
by	1
Fellowes	1
for	1
the	1
Sony	1
T615C.	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
multiple	1
rooms	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
after	1
some	1
trial	1
and	1
error	1
I	1
may	1
figure	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
better	1
pack	1
my	1
earphones,	1
but	1
all-in-all,	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
tiny	1
case!	1
Charge	1
lasts	1
a	1
decent	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
and	1
voice	1
dialing	1
are	1
great.	1
I	1
will	1
see	1
about	1
the	1
the	1
warranty	1
coverage.3)	1
pressing	1
power	1
button	1
may	1
not	1
turn	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
second	1
was	1
the	1
same.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
happy	1
and	1
hope	1
you	1
guys	1
will	1
take	1
care	1
of	1
this	1
for	1
the	1
future.	1
The	1
problems	1
I've	1
experianced	1
with	1
this	1
case	1
are	1
as	1
follows:1.	1
But	1
the	1
zipper	1
broke	1
the	1
third	1
time	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
open	1
it.	1
Super	1
Deal	1
compaired	1
to	1
local	1
phone	1
store	1
price.	1
motorola	1
blt-04	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
carrying	1
case.	1
Not	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
initiate	1
voice	1
command	1
via	1
BT	1
was	1
a	1
big	1
negative	1
for	1
me	1
so	1
I	1
upgraded	1
(thru	1
Handango	1
for	1
$40)	1
to	1
VC	1
1.6.	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
me	1
in	1
my	1
location..	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
a	1
rural	1
low	1
lying	1
area	1
and	1
have	1
problems	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
with	1
cell	1
service.	1
Super	1
fast	1
processing	1
and	1
shipping.	1
So	1
pretty	1
much	1
it	1
sits	1
in	1
my	1
purse	1
and	1
looks	1
pretty.	1
I	1
just	1
realized	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
S710	1
not	1
the	1
S710	1
VOX.	1
I	1
bought	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
sister	1
and	1
a	1
friend.	1
For	1
it's	1
description	1
as	1
a	1
"USB	1
charging	1
device"	1
it	1
didn't	1
fit	1
a	1
USB	1
cable.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Verizon	1
pc	1
air	1
card	1
and	1
used	1
the	1
card	1
for	1
1	1
year.	1
Great	1
headset.	1
Voice	1
commad	1
is	1
awesome!	1
For	1
this	1
reason,	1
thephone	1
can	1
not	1
be	1
added	1
to	1
your	1
Shopping	1
Cart.I	1
hope	1
that	1
this	1
information	1
is	1
helpful.	1
With	1
a	1
great	1
deal	1
of	1
effort	1
I	1
finally	1
got	1
it	1
into	1
the	1
case	1
but	1
after	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
virtually	1
impossible	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
back	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
I	1
am	1
normally	1
a	1
big	1
fan	1
of	1
Amazon.com,	1
however	1
in	1
this	1
instance	1
I	1
am	1
not.	1
My	1
screen	1
protectors	1
are	1
coming	1
today,	1
going	1
to	1
put	1
those	1
on,	1
and	1
prevent	1
any	1
new	1
scratches..is	1
all	1
I	1
can	1
do	1
now.	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
phone	1
for	1
cingular,	1
but	1
it's	1
a	1
6061	1
model,	1
and	1
that	1
one	1
it	1
great!	1
The	1
replacement	1
battery	1
however	1
had	1
the	1
same	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
back	1
cover	1
falling	1
off.	1
So	1
I'm	1
super	1
happy	1
with	1
it	1
and	1
glad	1
I	1
traded	1
the	1
other	1
one	1
in	1
for	1
this.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
find	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
heavy.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
really	1
cheap	1
a	1
year	1
or	1
so	1
ago,	1
and	1
I	1
guess	1
I	1
got	1
what	1
I	1
paid	1
for.	1
Click	1
'OK'13.	1
Who	1
cares??	1
My	1
wife	1
loves	1
keeping	1
her	1
phone	1
on	1
silent	1
with	1
the	1
headset,	1
because	1
this	1
way	1
the	1
baby	1
doesn't	1
wake	1
up	1
whenever	1
a	1
phone	1
call	1
comes	1
in.	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
[...]	1
and	1
found	1
that	1
happy	1
customers	1
refreshed	1
their	1
unit	1
daily.	1
The	1
only	1
solution	1
from	1
Verizon's	1
support	1
(who	1
know	1
very	1
little	1
about	1
the	1
phone,	1
I	1
might	1
add)	1
was	1
to	1
re-rip	1
everything	1
using	1
WMP.	1
Tiny	1
(but	1
thick)	1
and	1
packed	1
with	1
more	1
features	1
than	1
an	1
iPhone	1
or	1
Curve.	1
I	1
only	1
wish	1
the	1
string	1
was	1
a	1
bit	1
longer	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
leave	1
it	1
plugged	1
in	1
to	1
the	1
headphone	1
jack	1
while	1
I	1
poke	1
at	1
the	1
screen.	1
Great	1
case,	1
bad	1
clip.	1
The	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
Snapper:.	1
Didn't	1
work	1
very	1
well.	1
They	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
recycled.	1
Good	1
product,	1
good	1
price.	1
Incompatible	1
with	1
VX7000.	1
I	1
was	1
worried	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
broken	1
my	1
phone	1
connector	1
but	1
luckily	1
the	1
phone	1
seems	1
OK.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
smartphone	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
anything	1
to	1
compare	1
it	1
to.	1
I've	1
logged	1
about	1
4	1
hours	1
call	1
time	1
so	1
far	1
with	1
no	1
dropped	1
calls.	1
If	1
it's	1
not	1
convenient	1
for	1
me	1
all	1
the	1
time,	1
I	1
can't	1
use	1
it.Make	1
this	1
a	1
little	1
tougher	1
and	1
I'm	1
in.	1
I've	1
returned	1
it	1
for	1
warranty	1
repair/replacement.	1
You	1
may	1
not	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
this,	1
but	1
I	1
did	1
with	1
my	1
headset	1
and	1
have	1
heard	1
of	1
others	1
who	1
have	1
had	1
to,	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
fit	1
securely	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
fall	1
off.	1
)This	1
little	1
sucker	1
is	1
nearly	1
as	1
tough	1
as	1
a	1
hockey	1
puck,	1
too.	1
Phone	1
drops	1
calls	1
often6.	1
Every	1
time	1
I	1
moved	1
my	1
neck,	1
the	1
earbuds	1
would	1
jam	1
against	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
my	1
ear.	1
But	1
with	1
Bitpim	1
and	1
some	1
other	1
software,	1
you	1
can	1
make	1
your	1
own	1
ringtones.	1
That	1
means	1
the	1
only	1
thing	1
you	1
can	1
copy	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
music,	1
so	1
no	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
portable	1
storage.	1
When	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
phone	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
Motorola	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
of	1
which	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
well.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
a	1
gadget	1
freak	1
and	1
your	1
girlfriend	1
doesn't	1
mind	1
you	1
wearing	1
an	1
imbeded	1
headset	1
-	1
go	1
for	1
it.	1
They	1
don't	1
fit	1
small	1
ears	1
well	1
and	1
they're	1
not	1
comfortable	1
with	1
glasses.	1
I	1
am	1
the	1
target	1
for	1
this	1
item.	1
Frustrating.	1
(h)	1
Phonebook	1
does	1
not	1
support	1
multiple	1
numbers	1
per	1
person.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
last	1
thing	1
I	1
want.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
variable	1
-	1
it	1
ranges	1
from	1
decent	1
when	1
the	1
speaker/mic	1
is	1
placed	1
in	1
the	1
center	1
console	1
area	1
to	1
poor.	1
I	1
ordered	1
it,	1
paid	1
for	1
it,	1
was	1
told	1
it	1
was	1
in	1
stock,	1
and	1
waited	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
week	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
come	1
in.	1
let	1
it	1
cool	1
and	1
it's	1
back	1
to	1
normal.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent.	1
Had	1
no	1
idea	1
there	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
support	1
number	1
for	1
Think	1
Outside.	1
I	1
kept	1
this	1
earbud	1
-	1
It	1
works	1
well	1
enough	1
and	1
is	1
comfortable	1
enough.	1
Short	1
battery	1
life.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
Zaurus	1
stylus	1
with	1
the	1
metal	1
shaft	1
like	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
SL-5500.	1
Love	1
Nseries.	1
Many	1
of	1
my	1
friends	1
have	1
left	1
Nextel	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
poor	1
product	1
Motorola	1
is	1
putting	1
out	1
for	1
them.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
great	1
product	1
for	1
an	1
even	1
greater	1
price.	1
Good	1
Quality	1
&	1
really	1
helps	1
carry	1
my	1
phone	1
where	1
the	1
clip	1
supplied	1
is	1
not	1
up	1
to	1
the	1
task.	1
If	1
you've	1
ever	1
seen	1
a	1
digital	1
FM	1
tuner,	1
you	1
can	1
manipulate	1
the	1
easy-to-read	1
station	1
numbers	1
using	1
two	1
large	1
arrow	1
buttons.	1
All	1
electronics	1
need	1
getting	1
used	1
to	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
no	1
different.	1
All	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
complete	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
was	1
a	1
set	1
of	1
bluetoohe	1
headphones.	1
Greatly	1
Disappointed.	1
On	1
my	1
3rd	1
one!!!.	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
by	1
the	1
Sprint	1
rep,	1
they	1
have	1
had	1
many	1
power	1
problems	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
Also,	1
the	1
information	1
about	1
the	1
song,	1
(such	1
as	1
title	1
and	1
genre)	1
does	1
not	1
fully	1
load.	1
They	1
are	1
very	1
fuzzy!	1
Returned	1
the	1
first	1
set	1
because	1
the	1
connector	1
came	1
apart.	1
BUT,	1
the	1
product	1
description	1
was	1
misleading.	1
Made	1
my	1
antique	1
cell	1
work	1
go	1
again.	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
problem	1
when	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
that.	1
Don't	1
bother.	1
One	1
was	1
fine.	1
It	1
was	1
not	1
worth	1
it	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
as	1
the	1
shipping	1
would	1
cost	1
more	1
than	1
the	1
item.	1
Make	1
sure	1
you	1
take	1
a	1
little	1
off	1
at	1
a	1
time	1
to	1
avoid	1
a	1
loose	1
fit.	1
I	1
placed	1
the	1
case	1
on	1
my	1
belt	1
and	1
within	1
10	1
minutes	1
I	1
noticed	1
that	1
the	1
case	1
wasn't	1
there	1
on	1
my	1
belt.	1
First,	1
most	1
likely	1
the	1
software	1
on	1
the	1
cd	1
by	1
the	1
time	1
you	1
get	1
it	1
is	1
almost	1
outdated	1
or	1
incompatible	1
with	1
your	1
phone/pc.	1
Samsung	1
a670	1
not	1
that	1
great.	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
write	1
the	1
seller	1
tonight,	1
see	1
how	1
they	1
respond.	1
Am	1
I	1
willing	1
to	1
try	1
for	1
three	1
strikes?	1
Received	1
li-ion	1
battery	1
for	1
Moto	1
V325	1
cell	1
in	1
timely	1
manner.	1
When	1
the	1
headset	1
runs	1
down,	1
you	1
swap	1
with	1
the	1
one	1
in	1
the	1
streamer,	1
which	1
take	1
about	1
2	1
minutes,	1
and	1
keep	1
going.	1
Scala	1
700	1
-	1
very	1
good.	1
Not	1
that	1
great.	1
F***kin	1
pist.	1
I	1
was	1
skeptical	1
at	1
first	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
new	1
vendor.	1
These	1
are	1
great	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
run	1
out,	1
I	1
will	1
buy	1
more.	1
A	1
good	1
case.	1
Cheap	1
but	1
good	1
headset.	1
the	1
person	1
stopped	1
the	1
'extra'	1
service,	1
and	1
later	1
on,	1
VIrgin	1
started	1
it	1
up	1
again,	1
without	1
notifying	1
them.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
you	1
have	1
two	1
options	1
phone	1
plan	1
or	1
data	1
plan.	1
The	1
Nokia	1
charger	1
was	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
new,	1
coming	1
with	1
a	1
little	1
Velcro	1
strap	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
cord	1
to	1
bind	1
it	1
together.	1
I	1
don't	1
want	1
a	1
mini	1
qwerty	1
keyboard	1
where	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
decode	1
which	1
keys	1
are	1
the	1
number	1
keys.2.	1
I	1
will	1
continue	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
WORKING	1
CHARGER.	1
Every	1
card	1
you	1
buy	1
after	1
that	1
gives	1
you	1
double	1
minutes.	1
i	1
had	1
to	1
adjust	1
it	1
constantly	1
and	1
even	1
then,	1
i	1
felt	1
that	1
the	1
headset	1
would	1
come	1
off	1
if	1
i	1
moved	1
my	1
head	1
too	1
quickly.2.	1
T-Mobile	1
Replaced	1
it	1
and	1
I	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
problwem	1
after.	1
Anything	1
to	1
make	1
life	1
more	1
difficult	1
for	1
the	1
consumer.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
really	1
great	1
for	1
only	1
1	1
dollar.	1
T-Mobile	1
is	1
cheaper,	1
has	1
better	1
phones	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
Europe.	1
THE	1
ABSOLUTE	1
WORSE	1
NEXTEL	1
PHONE.	1
Started	1
using	1
it	1
without	1
a	1
problem.	1
Very	1
annoying.	1
Pretty	1
Close	1
To	1
The	1
Worst	1
Phone	1
I	1
Have	1
Ever	1
Bought.	1
The	1
button	1
response	1
time	1
is	1
extremely	1
SLOW!	1
Solid	1
Product.	1
Two	1
days	1
later	1
I	1
received	1
an	1
email	1
informing	1
me	1
that	1
my	1
account	1
was	1
activated	1
and	1
should	1
be	1
working	1
properly.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
Samsung	1
that	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
from	1
Cingular.The	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
office,	1
it	1
completely	1
discharged	1
my	1
battery.	1
Good	1
luck	1
if	1
you	1
decide	1
to	1
try	1
it.	1
It	1
worked	1
well	1
and	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
a	1
lot	1
despite	1
annoying	1
background	1
clicking	1
and	1
short	1
battery	1
life.	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
great	1
(12	1
+	1
hours	1
with	1
a	1
2	1
hour	1
charge).	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
this	1
item	1
with	1
the	1
intent	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
quality	1
holster,	1
to	1
clip	1
onto	1
my	1
belt,	1
for	1
my	1
Note	1
2.	1
bad	1
product.	1
Do	1
Not	1
Buy	1
on	1
the	1
base	1
of	1
review.	1
I've	1
used	1
it	1
once	1
myself	1
to	1
test	1
it	1
out	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
crystal	1
clear	1
which	1
is	1
hard	1
to	1
find	1
in	1
some	1
brands.	1
Fits	1
perfectly	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
compromise	1
the	1
use	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
any	1
way,	1
even	1
the	1
charger	1
slit	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
size.	1
Bad	1
Design....	1
Summary	1
After	1
couple	1
of	1
days,	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
again,	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
phones,	1
both	1
got	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
a	1
half	1
of	1
stand-by	1
battery	1
life.	1
Specifically,	1
you	1
CANNOT	1
synchronize	1
your	1
outlook	1
contacts	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
using	1
bluetooth	1
or	1
a	1
data	1
cable.	1
)Setup	1
couldn't	1
have	1
been	1
simpler.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
randomly	1
shut	1
of	1
like	1
the	1
Razr,	1
which	1
is	1
always	1
a	1
plus.	1
Horrible	1
Product.	1
I	1
would	1
like	1
to	1
see	1
a	1
headset	1
start	1
warning	1
you	1
at	1
least	1
a	1
half	1
hour	1
before	1
it's	1
going	1
to	1
die.	1
Now	1
I'm	1
on	1
the	1
search	1
for	1
another	1
white	1
Motorola	1
Bluetooth	1
h500	1
Shipping	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
steep	1
for	1
such	1
and	1
inexpensive	1
item.	1
The	1
customer	1
service	1
rep	1
had	1
me	1
return	1
the	1
package	1
and	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
pair.	1
Seems	1
the	1
"noise	1
reduction"	1
feature	1
also	1
cuts	1
back	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
outgoing	1
voice	1
volume.	1
Both	1
require	1
patience	1
and	1
advance	1
reading:=	1
All	1
the	1
stories	1
of	1
this	1
protector	1
being	1
difficult	1
to	1
apply	1
are	1
true.	1
You	1
will	1
need	1
to	1
wear	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
side	1
of	1
your	1
body	1
as	1
your	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
do	1
not	1
want	1
to	1
deal	1
with	1
unbearable	1
voice	1
distrotion	1
and	1
static.	1
I	1
echo	1
the	1
other	1
1	1
stars.	1
It	1
also	1
has	1
a	1
red	1
light	1
on	1
the	1
charger	1
that	1
is	1
glowing	1
so	1
I	1
left	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
hours	1
to	1
charge	1
and	1
went	1
out.	1
You	1
cannot	1
cannot	1
change	1
the	1
Menu	1
Options	1
and	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
for	1
everything	1
directly	1
through	1
Verizon,	1
it	1
will	1
not	1
let	1
you	1
upload	1
your	1
own	1
ringtones!	1
I	1
go	1
to	1
work	1
and	1
don't	1
even	1
talk	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
I	1
get	1
off	1
and	1
it's	1
down	1
to	1
1	1
bar.	1
All	1
gone	1
again.	1
Bad	1
product.	1
You	1
can't	1
beat	1
it!	1
Didn't	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
phone.	1
Now	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
completly	1
stopped	1
working.	1
Eh....	1
It	1
works	1
fine,	1
but	1
sometimes	1
it	1
just	1
stops	1
linking	1
my	1
calls,	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
re	1
sync	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
can	1
turn	1
them	1
off,	1
but	1
they	1
seem	1
to	1
want	1
to	1
turn	1
back	1
on	1
whenever	1
I	1
power	1
the	1
headset	1
on	1
or	1
move	1
it	1
to	1
a	1
different	1
device.	1
Lenmar	1
Battery	1
for	1
Toshiba	1
PDA.	1
Misleading,	1
Poor	1
customer	1
Service,	1
Junk!.	1
Able	1
to	1
charge	1
and	1
plug	1
earpiece	1
in	1
with	1
phone	1
in	1
clip.	1
Excellent	1
value	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
But	1
this	1
one	1
works	1
perfectly!	1
With	1
this	1
headset,	1
I	1
hear	1
no	1
static,	1
it	1
answers	1
the	1
call	1
instantly,	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
range	1
of	1
15	1
feet	1
a	1
without	1
static.	1
It	1
has	1
maintained	1
the	1
charge	1
and	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
last	1
battery	1
that	1
lasted	1
over	1
3	1
years.	1
It	1
also	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
screen	1
protector,	1
which	1
feels	1
nicer	1
on	1
the	1
stylus	1
than	1
the	1
screen	1
itself.	1
The	1
trick	1
is	1
to	1
stop	1
popping	1
when	1
the	1
bag	1
recommends,	1
which	1
is	1
when	1
there	1
is	1
only	1
one	1
pop	1
every	1
2	1
or	1
3	1
seconds.	1
Great	1
product...	1
has	1
saved	1
my	1
palm	1
numerous	1
times	1
from	1
dramatic	1
falls.	1
I	1
didn't	1
know	1
what	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
friend	1
for	1
her	1
birthday.	1
I	1
was	1
concerned	1
that	1
this	1
battery	1
would	1
not	1
be	1
as	1
good	1
of	1
a	1
product	1
as	1
the	1
one	1
sold	1
directly	1
through	1
Verizon,	1
but	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
working	1
well.	1
Typical	1
"one	1
size	1
fits	1
all"	1
design	1
mentality.Great	1
electronics,	1
but	1
I	1
couldn't	1
wear	1
them	1
for	1
5	1
minutes	1
because	1
they	1
hurt	1
my	1
ears.	1
Work	1
great.	1
Nice	1
snug	1
fit.	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
chance	1
to	1
tinker	1
with	1
it	1
before	1
buying	1
it	1
myself.	1
I	1
have	1
nothing	1
but	1
problems	1
topping-up	1
my	1
account.	1
PC	1
users	1
can	1
backup	1
by	1
hand	1
using	1
the	1
Samsung	1
software	1
(not	1
provided	1
or	1
linked	1
by	1
Cingular).	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
used.	1
The	1
headset	1
for	1
this	1
model	1
is	1
useless,	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
ears.	1
this	1
phone	1
have	1
all..	1
i	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
on	1
6/11/2004	1
and	1
works	1
perfect!	1
So	1
I	1
did,	1
Nokia	1
gave	1
me	1
steps	1
to	1
reset	1
it,	1
still	1
same	1
error.	1
Very	1
poor	1
quality.	1
AND,	1
it	1
was	1
on	1
its	1
battery	1
power	1
using	1
bluetooth	1
to	1
my	1
phone.	1
My	1
girlfriend	1
gave	1
this	1
cell	1
phone	1
to	1
me	1
as	1
a	1
birthday	1
present	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
thrilled	1
about	1
it.	1
Good	1
looking,	1
but....	1
I	1
must	1
admit	1
that	1
this	1
case,	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
best	1
looking	1
case	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
When	1
the	1
pink	1
razrs	1
came	1
out,	1
I	1
knew	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
have	1
one.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
these	1
on	1
a	1
flight	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
barely	1
hear	1
anything.	1
Moto	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
Carry	1
Case.	1
dosen't	1
match	1
item.	1
One	1
for	1
me,	1
which	1
I	1
overpaid	1
at	1
Best	1
Buy	1
for	1
$120	1
and	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
girlfriend	1
which	1
I	1
paid	1
just	1
under	1
$50	1
for	1
on	1
e	1
bay.	1
Mine	1
on	1
voice	1
dialing	1
recognized	1
every	1
word	1
but	1
the	1
Yes	1
command	1
that	1
actually	1
would	1
initiate	1
the	1
call.	1
See	1
also	1
CON	1
#7.2.	1
The	1
ringtones	1
are	1
nice	1
and	1
can	1
be	1
uniquely	1
assigned	1
to	1
contacts	1
in	1
your	1
phonebook.	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
because	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
so	1
low.	1
But	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
digital	1
camera	1
for	1
those	1
reasons.	1
It	1
has	1
great	1
sound,	1
pairs	1
easyly	1
with	1
my	1
laptop	1
and	1
my	1
mobile	1
phone	1
(AT&T;	1
Tilt)	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
confortable	1
too.I	1
recommend	1
it!	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
purchasing	1
this	1
type	1
of	1
hands	1
free	1
device,	1
especially	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
teenagers	1
just	1
learning	1
how	1
to	1
drive.	1
They	1
know	1
we	1
have	1
year	1
contract	1
so	1
they	1
Use	1
it.NO	1
to	1
T-MObile.Anil	1
K	1
Patel	1
Then	1
I	1
never	1
got	1
it!	1
Almost	1
Perfect.	1
Using	1
the	1
two	1
built	1
in	1
LEDs	1
to	1
brighten	1
the	1
scene	1
will	1
usually	1
cast	1
a	1
yellow	1
tone	1
to	1
the	1
picture.	1
The	1
charged	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
the	1
durability	1
is	1
almost	1
by	1
4	1
days.	1
We	1
use	1
them	1
hooked	1
into	1
the	1
vent.	1
I	1
definitely	1
enjoy	1
mine	1
and	1
hope	1
that	1
others	1
find	1
it	1
as	1
much	1
a	1
value	1
as	1
I	1
have.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
stretch	1
much	1
either.	1
I	1
was	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
company's	1
service.	1
Removing	1
the	1
battery	1
and	1
attempting	1
to	1
power	1
it	1
back	1
on	1
would	1
put	1
it	1
back	1
in	1
that	1
state.	1
the	1
buttons	1
do	1
not	1
match	1
up	1
on	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
presses	1
the	1
camera	1
button	1
down	1
constantly.	1
The	1
one	1
device	1
to	1
bind	1
them	1
all--my	1
Precious....	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
incredible	1
piece	1
of	1
machinery.	1
It's	1
a	1
total	1
disaster.	1
Or	1
the	1
software	1
crashes	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
continues	1
to	1
ring	1
to	1
matter	1
what	1
buttons	1
you	1
push.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
15	1
months	1
now.	1
That's	1
the	1
only	1
reason	1
it	1
gets	1
a	1
4.	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
way	1
to	1
small	1
to	1
realistically	1
view	1
any	1
webpages	1
although	1
it	1
loaded	1
pretty	1
easily	1
with	1
the	1
3G	1
network.	1
Mediocre	1
All	1
Around.	1
great	1
bang	1
for	1
the	1
buck.	1
I	1
wasn't	1
too	1
upset,	1
because	1
I	1
got	1
such	1
a	1
bargain.	1
Followed	1
their	1
instructions	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
my	1
money	1
back	1
or	1
an	1
earpiece	1
that	1
works.	1
Most	1
screen	1
protectors	1
are	1
a	1
big	1
let	1
down,	1
but	1
I	1
was	1
suprised	1
at	1
how	1
well	1
it's	1
work.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
worth	1
every	1
penny!	1
oh	1
razr,	1
how	1
i	1
loved	1
you	1
so....	1
...i	1
was	1
starstruck	1
by	1
you	1
as	1
i	1
continued	1
my	1
quest	1
for	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
audio	1
adjustment	1
(bass,	1
treble,	1
etc)and	1
the	1
unit	1
borders	1
on	1
"bulky".	1
I	1
purchased	1
3	1
of	1
these	1
batteries	1
and	1
2	1
of	1
the	1
3	1
don't	1
work.	1
Speed	1
dial	1
on	1
the	1
today	1
screen	1
will	1
accidentally	1
dial	1
your	1
contacts....all	1
the	1
time!	1
In	1
this	1
case,	1
you	1
may	1
as	1
well	1
put	1
the	1
phone	1
next	1
to	1
your	1
face	1
since	1
you	1
are	1
no	1
longer	1
&quot;hands-free&quot;.	1
Not	1
all	1
functions	1
are	1
available	1
with	1
all	1
motorola	1
phones.	1
If	1
not,	1
then	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
will	1
take	1
you	1
to	1
another	1
level	1
in	1
your	1
games.	1
couldn't	1
transfer	1
number.	1
Has	1
a	1
two	1
prong	1
fuse	1
in	1
the	1
back	1
for	1
easy	1
replacing	1
should	1
it	1
blow	1
out2.	1
It's	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
$449	1
list	1
price.	1
Same	1
styling	1
as	1
every	1
other	1
Samsung	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
including	1
the	1
keypad	1
(at	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
is	1
Nokia	1
who	1
keep	1
trying	1
new	1
styles).3.	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
indoors	1
though.	1
I	1
think	1
photos	1
are	1
somewhat	1
but	1
not	1
significantly	1
cleaner	1
looking	1
with	1
the	1
Samsung.	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
"flash";	1
really	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
light,	1
but	1
it	1
works	1
well.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
charger	1
to	1
replace	1
both	1
my	1
original	1
Nokia	1
cellphone	1
charger	1
and	1
another	1
replacement	1
charger	1
from	1
Monster	1
Cable.	1
This	1
Release	1
is	1
a	1
Lemon.	1
So	1
cheaply	1
made.	1
(both	1
on	1
the	1
right	1
or	1
left	1
side	1
one	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
the	1
other	1
on	1
my	1
hip[belt])	1
dispite	1
what	1
everyone	1
else	1
says	1
i	1
found	1
that	1
the	1
mp3	1
player	1
is	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
that	1
you	1
do	1
NOT	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
$40.00	1
package.	1
It's	1
a	1
great	1
size	1
and	1
the	1
rubber	1
side	1
grips	1
are	1
the	1
best	1
when	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Then	1
my	1
replacement	1
kept	1
doing	1
it	1
and	1
I	1
realized	1
there's	1
just	1
some	1
sort	1
of	1
general	1
problem	1
with	1
this	1
type	1
of	1
phone.	1
Get	1
something	1
that	1
will	1
secure	1
your	1
phone	1
better	1
than	1
this.	1
Also,	1
its	1
sweat-resistance	1
design	1
is	1
a	1
plus.	1
Nightmare	1
experiance	1
with	1
AT&T.	1
After	1
a	1
long	1
search	1
for	1
a	1
fine	1
point	1
stylus	1
I	1
chose	1
this	1
as	1
the	1
most	1
viable	1
product	1
based	1
on	1
its	1
description.	1
Watch	1
out	1
or	1
it's	1
a	1
disaster.	1
Fast	1
and	1
easy.	1
Secondly	1
the	1
"W"	1
is	1
stuck	1
in	1
the	1
down	1
position.	1
Works	1
fine	1
for	1
20	1
feet	1
with	1
obstacles	1
and	1
25	1
feet	1
without	1
obstacles.	1
Good	1
item!!!!!!!!!!!.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
because	1
my	1
previous	1
headset	1
broke.	1
My	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
works	1
fine.	1
Battery	1
life	1
could	1
have	1
been	1
a	1
little	1
better	1
but	1
it's	1
not	1
that	1
bad	1
considering	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
big,	1
bring	1
color	1
display.	1
Not	1
happy	1
though	1
that	1
the	1
price	1
has	1
gone	1
up	1
$3	1
since	1
February.	1
overall	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
just	1
lacking	1
in	1
functionality.	1
Amazon	1
is	1
amazing	1
because	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
you	1
will	1
get	1
150.00	1
back!!..	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
skin	1
for	1
your	1
pearl	1
especially	1
considering	1
how	1
delicate	1
the	1
pearls	1
are.	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
any	1
experience	1
with	1
phone	1
data	1
cables	1
so	1
I	1
cannot	1
figure	1
this	1
out.	1
Cell	1
Deal	1
Good,	1
Order	1
Accessories	1
Elsewhere.	1
I	1
may	1
cover	1
this	1
with	1
transparent	1
packing	1
tape.The	1
stitching	1
appears	1
adequate	1
and	1
the	1
leather,	1
while	1
thin	1
and	1
cheap	1
looking,	1
appears	1
adequate.	1
The	1
color	1
quality	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
is	1
awesome.	1
When	1
it	1
happens,	1
the	1
screen	1
goes	1
blank	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
20-30	1
sec	1
delay	1
as	1
it	1
figures	1
out	1
where	1
it	1
is	1
and	1
gets	1
a	1
signal	1
back.	1
Sometimes	1
the	1
camera	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
Light	1
weight	1
and	1
simple	1
to	1
use.	1
And	1
it	1
looks	1
a	1
lot	1
better	1
than	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
Nokia	1
flip-phones	1
I've	1
seen.Now	1
the	1
bad	1
stuff.	1
Bluetooth	1
still	1
didn't	1
work.	1
Althought	1
a	1
bit	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
off.	1
Could	1
do	1
better.	1
I	1
liked	1
this	1
phone.	1
I	1
am	1
just	1
waiting	1
for	1
1	1
year	1
of	1
contract	1
to	1
complete	1
and	1
i	1
will	1
break	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
my	1
own	1
hand.	1
Just	1
as	1
expected.	1
Not	1
that	1
great.	1
Apparently	1
it	1
wasn't.	1
I	1
repeated	1
this	1
by	1
switching	1
back	1
and	1
forth	1
a	1
few	1
times.	1
Igo	1
went	1
cheap	1
on	1
the	1
design	1
of	1
this	1
tip.	1
Buy	1
this	1
and	1
PDANet	1
from	1
June	1
Fabrics	1
to	1
connect	1
your	1
laptop	1
to	1
your	1
Treo	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
Sprint	1
service.	1
decent	1
function,	1
lousy	1
construction.	1
Possibly	1
an	1
LG.	1
Better	1
than	1
the	1
other	1
cheap	1
plasticy	1
covers.	1
BlueAnt	1
Lite.	1
They	1
shipped	1
quickly,	1
keep	1
me	1
updated	1
and	1
the	1
cables	1
arrived	1
well	1
packaged.	1
The	1
phone	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
it	1
while	1
feature	1
rich	1
the	1
cable	1
usb	1
i	1
tried	1
and	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
my	1
vx8100	1
verizoni	1
tried	1
couple	1
time	1
and	1
cant	1
pass	1
info	1
to	1
my	1
pc	1
I	1
only	1
wear	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car,	1
but	1
I	1
would	1
imagine	1
it's	1
a	1
little	1
difficult	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
trying	1
to	1
walk/run	1
anywhere.	1
it	1
blocked	1
the	1
charging	1
port	1
so	1
i	1
cut	1
out	1
a	1
small	1
hole	1
with	1
a	1
file	1
so	1
i	1
could	1
plug	1
it	1
in	1
without	1
removing	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
only	1
knock	1
I	1
would	1
give	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
caller	1
ID	1
on	1
incoming	1
calls.	1
The	1
charger	1
worked	1
the	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
plugged	1
it	1
in,	1
but	1
no	1
longer	1
works	1
at	1
all,	1
regardless	1
of	1
how	1
much	1
I	1
play	1
with	1
the	1
cord	1
and	1
socket.	1
Looking	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
your	1
music	1
with	1
your	1
own	1
headphones	1
get	1
this	1
now.	1
)Back	1
to	1
this	1
phone...	1
very	1
nice	1
fit	1
and	1
feel,	1
love	1
the	1
non	1
skid	1
surface	1
it	1
has,	1
and	1
also	1
like	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
some	1
weight	1
to	1
it.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
keep	1
pressing	1
it	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
turn	1
on.My	1
final	1
remark	1
is	1
to	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
one	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
comparable	1
Nokia	1
phone.	1
I	1
didnt	1
buy	1
this	1
product	1
blindly	1
off	1
Amazon	1
/	1
Happy	1
Cellular.	1
Very	1
stupid	1
design.Jabra	1
seems	1
to	1
have	1
lost	1
its	1
way	1
a	1
bit	1
-	1
a	1
headset	1
I	1
own	1
is	1
just	1
going	1
great	1
-	1
after	1
a	1
year!	1
Bought	1
this	1
to	1
charge	1
up	1
some	1
small	1
lanterns	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
as	1
designed	1
so	1
far.	1
Sound	1
Quality	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
most	1
people	1
don't	1
have	1
a	1
problem	1
hearing	1
me.	1
Not	1
for	1
senior	1
citizens..	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
ear	1
plugs	1
fall	1
out	1
easy	1
and	1
were	1
not	1
comfortable.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
me,	1
and	1
I've	1
never	1
received	1
a	1
complaint	1
from	1
anyone	1
I've	1
talked	1
to	1
on	1
it.	1
I	1
even	1
have	1
games	1
on	1
there	1
that	1
are	1
like	1
Playstation	1
games	1
(no,	1
i'm	1
not	1
sh-----	1
you).	1
Well	1
enough	1
to	1
justify	1
4	1
stars.The	1
LG	1
menu	1
is	1
fairly	1
intuitive	1
once	1
you	1
get	1
used	1
to	1
it.	1
I	1
would	1
try	1
a	1
different	1
headset	1
next	1
time.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
product	1
but	1
changed	1
my	1
mind	1
and	1
decided	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
charger	1
for	1
about	1
$2	1
so	1
I	1
cant	1
complain.	1
Phone	1
calls	1
are	1
barely	1
loud	1
enough	1
if	1
you	1
strain	1
yourself	1
or	1
find	1
a	1
sound-proof	1
room	1
to	1
sit	1
in.	1
Plantronic	1
model	1
a	1
winner!.	1
Instead	1
of	1
going	1
through	1
sending	1
it	1
back,	1
I'll	1
buy	1
a	1
power	1
supply.	1
Does	1
whats	1
its	1
supposed	1
to.	1
Defective	1
part.	1
Overall,	1
a	1
very	1
nice	1
case.	1
Placing	1
cards	1
etc	1
in	1
the	1
case	1
is	1
difficult	1
at	1
first	1
but	1
after	1
some	1
use	1
it	1
will	1
give	1
a	1
little	1
making	1
it	1
easier	1
to	1
access.	1
I	1
got	1
echo	1
in	1
the	1
receiver	1
several	1
times,	1
low-low-low	1
(very	1
poor)	1
reception	1
even	1
in	1
generally	1
good	1
areas.	1
BlueAnt	1
X5.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
them.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
kind	1
of	1
tech	1
support	1
that	1
a	1
reliable	1
company	1
would	1
give!	1
DONT	1
LET	1
THE	1
NICE	1
LOOK	1
DECEIVE	1
YOU!!!.	1
However,	1
Motorola	1
missed	1
the	1
boat	1
here.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
if	1
it's	1
my	1
phone	1
or	1
the	1
headset	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
S.E.	1
The	1
design	1
of	1
this	1
screen	1
protector	1
has	1
changed,	1
it	1
is	1
NOT	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
what	1
is	1
pictured	1
here.	1
i'll	1
have	1
to	1
figure	1
it	1
out	1
somehow	1
since....*There	1
is	1
no	1
manual,	1
all	1
you	1
get	1
is	1
a	1
quick	1
start	1
guide.	1
Camera	1
is	1
O.K.	1
Works	1
great	1
to	1
run	1
my	1
auto	1
type	1
cd	1
player/amfm	1
radio	1
in	1
my	1
garage.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
number	1
features	1
while	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
cellphone.	1
The	1
software	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
navigate	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
many	1
features.CONS	1
-	1
Camera	1
is	1
almost	1
not	1
worth	1
using.	1
I	1
paid	1
$8.50	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
here,	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
it	1
again	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
In	1
a	1
quiet	1
environment,	1
it's	1
passable.	1
The	1
cheapness	1
was	1
confirmed	1
after	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
when	1
the	1
headphones	1
stopped	1
working	1
and	1
stopped	1
taking	1
a	1
charge.	1
Quality	1
is	1
good.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
purchase	1
again,	1
nor	1
recommend	1
purchase.	1
I	1
regret	1
getting	1
this	1
phone,	1
and	1
advise	1
people	1
who	1
actually	1
have	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
phone	1
calls,	1
not	1
play	1
MP3s	1
or	1
text	1
messages,	1
to	1
avoid	1
it.	1
very	1
pleased.	1
I	1
only	1
used	1
I	1
think	1
one	1
or	1
two,	1
but	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
I	1
did	1
see	1
a	1
small	1
change	1
between	1
using	1
this	1
and	1
not.	1
Seeing	1
as	1
how	1
I	1
broke	1
my	1
last	1
phone's	1
contact	1
pins,	1
I'm	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
risk	1
it	1
with	1
this	1
cable.	1
In	1
my	1
town,	1
not	1
a	1
small	1
town	1
by	1
any	1
means,	1
there	1
are	1
very	1
few	1
places	1
that	1
have	1
any	1
service.	1
It	1
was	1
very	1
difficult	1
to	1
hear	1
any	1
callers	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
with	1
lower	1
cost	1
but	1
restricted	1
capabilities.	1
@#$%	1
waste.	1
Be	1
prepared	1
to	1
accidentally	1
hit	1
4	1
instead	1
of	1
1,	1
etc.,	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
this.	1
About	1
six	1
weeks	1
later	1
they	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
replacement.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
I've	1
been	1
pretty	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
quite	1
surprised	1
at	1
the	1
reactions	1
I've	1
been	1
getting	1
with	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
Jabra	1
BT500	1
for	1
about	1
4	1
months	1
now,	1
mainly	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
driving	1
on	1
the	1
freeway.	1
It	1
pairs	1
quite	1
nicely	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
i880	1
that	1
was	1
assigned	1
by	1
my	1
employer.	1
It	1
does	1
make	1
the	1
phone	1
larger,	1
but	1
still	1
fits	1
comfortably	1
in	1
a	1
pocket,	1
minus	1
the	1
clip	1
of	1
course.	1
But	1
for	1
the	1
price,	1
this	1
case	1
saved	1
my	1
phone	1
from	1
my	1
drops	1
and	1
scratches.Thanks,Regards,Raghu	1
The	1
one	1
button	1
works	1
well	1
to	1
turn	1
ON,	1
OFF	1
&	1
set	1
the	1
Heatset	1
Volume.	1
To	1
get	1
better	1
range,	1
when	1
pairing	1
it	1
with	1
your	1
phone	1
place	1
the	1
H700	1
atleast	1
15	1
feet	1
away.	1
I	1
recieved	1
one	1
bar	1
of	1
sevice	1
all	1
over	1
my	1
house	1
before	1
I	1
installed	1
it.	1
Works	1
Perfectly!.	1
Cute	1
Phone,	1
Horrible	1
Reception.	1
This	1
product	1
will	1
NOT	1
power	1
your	1
laptop.	1
The	1
best	1
case!.	1
It	1
fits	1
and	1
all	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
charge,	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
why	1
:(	1
I	1
guess	1
I	1
was	1
just	1
lucky	1
enough	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
defective	1
one	1
:(	1
talking	1
on	1
it	1
sounds	1
like	1
you	1
are	1
far	1
away	1
my	1
phone	1
customers	1
say.	1
Don't	1
advertise	1
your	1
product	1
to	1
be	1
something	1
that	1
it	1
isn't.	1
After	1
reading	1
the	1
reviews,	1
I	1
elected	1
to	1
purchase	1
this	1
product.	1
This	1
item	1
was	1
sold	1
through	1
Amazon	1
from	1
Bargain	1
Cell.	1
As	1
reported	1
by	1
other	1
people,	1
this	1
carrying	1
case	1
really	1
looks	1
nice,	1
*but*	1
you	1
will	1
lose	1
your	1
phone.	1
Even	1
when	1
driving	1
in	1
the	1
car...your	1
friends	1
will	1
not	1
know	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
on	1
the	1
"phone"	1
or	1
on	1
your	1
blue	1
tooth.	1
This	1
item	1
DID	1
NOT	1
FIT	1
my	1
HTC	1
Cingular	1
3125	1
phone.	1
Amazing	1
deal.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth,	1
and	1
from	1
my	1
uses	1
so	1
far	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy.	1
nokia	1
3360	1
polar	1
blue	1
face	1
plate.	1
I	1
have	1
also	1
experienced	1
many	1
of	1
the	1
problems	1
described	1
in	1
the	1
other	1
customer	1
reviews	1
IF	1
IN	1
NOISY	1
ENVIRONMENT,	1
NOTHING	1
WILLWORK	1
WELL.3.HEARD	1
OTHERS	1
SPEAKING	1
VERY	1
WELL.	1
Very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
No	1
issues	1
till	1
now.	1
though	1
I	1
tried,	1
and	1
even	1
got	1
my	1
son	1
to	1
set	1
it	1
up,	1
I	1
can't	1
keep	1
it	1
working.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
cool	1
*NEW*	1
Kindle	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
away	1
from	1
power	1
like	1
on	1
an	1
airplane.	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
Found	1
a	1
support	1
forum.	1
it	1
lasted	1
only	1
till	1
i	1
charged	1
2	1
times.	1
The	1
shipping	1
cost	1
was	1
10x	1
the	1
amount	1
for	1
the	1
adaptors.	1
Since	1
I	1
had	1
already	1
been	1
unable	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
for	1
2	1
weeks	1
at	1
that	1
point	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
much	1
more	1
expensive	1
charger	1
at	1
a	1
discount	1
store.	1
On	1
previous	1
Samsung	1
phones	1
(ie.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
bad	1
except	1
for	1
the	1
fact	1
the	1
price	1
does	1
not	1
match	1
the	1
quality.	1
When	1
they	1
have	1
0,	1
1	1
or	1
2	1
signal	1
strength	1
bars,	1
I	1
have	1
4	1
bars,	1
full	1
strength!!	1
Worse	1
decision	1
I	1
ever	1
made	1
buying	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
pen	1
clip	1
adapter	1
is	1
ok,	1
but	1
not	1
the	1
absolute	1
best	1
way	1
to	1
carry	1
your	1
640	1
around.	1
so	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
cut	1
out	1
holes	1
in	1
the	1
case	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
media	1
player.	1
I	1
called	1
Cingular	1
and	1
they	1
said	1
that	1
nothing	1
they	1
can	1
do	1
unless	1
I	1
buy	1
phones	1
from	1
them	1
directly.	1
The	1
buttons	1
being	1
glued	1
on	1
is	1
not	1
cool.Other	1
than	1
that,	1
it	1
functioned	1
fine.	1
I'm	1
pragmatic	1
and	1
do	1
not	1
use	1
an	1
expansion	1
card	1
but	1
just	1
what	1
I	1
need	1
and	1
32	1
MBytes	1
is	1
enough.	1
You	1
can't	1
clean	1
em	1
that	1
way.Next	1
up	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
was	1
the	1
plantronics	1
330.	1
Great	1
sound	1
quality,	1
20	1
ft	1
range	1
which,	1
for	1
me	1
is	1
fine.	1
No	1
one	1
had	1
an	1
indication	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
that	1
I'm	1
using	1
a	1
speaker	1
mic.I	1
set	1
this	1
unit	1
up	1
the	1
day	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
and	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
vehicle.	1
I	1
looked	1
for	1
these	1
all	1
over	1
town	1
for	1
my	1
bluetooth	1
headset..	1
Very	1
happy	1
to	1
find	1
them	1
here	1
and	1
at	1
such	1
a	1
great	1
price!	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
Jabra	1
headset	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
purchased.	1
Compared	1
to	1
the	1
Jabra	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
going	1
into	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
coming	1
out	1
of	1
this	1
earbud	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
less	1
clear.	1
a	1
little	1
awkward	1
to	1
hold	1
to	1
exactly	1
position	1
the	1
tiny	1
ear	1
and	1
speaker	1
holes.	1
I	1
even	1
wore	1
them	1
while	1
mowing	1
the	1
front	1
lawn	1
and	1
they	1
didn't	1
cut	1
out	1
until	1
I	1
went	1
around	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
house.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
bulkier	1
than	1
the	1
Jabra,	1
but	1
the	1
sound	1
came	1
in	1
clear	1
and	1
it	1
actually	1
was	1
more	1
comfortable	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
The	1
case	1
fell	1
apart,	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
mash	1
all	1
the	1
inner	1
workings	1
back	1
in,	1
and	1
use	1
duck	1
tape	1
to	1
hold	1
it	1
together.	1
It's	1
not	1
a	1
Motorola	1
charger..	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
vehicle	1
power	1
charger	1
FOR	1
a	1
Motorola	1
V170,	1
V171	1
phone,	1
but	1
it's	1
not	1
a	1
Motorola	1
product.	1
Very	1
low	1
volume.	1
all	1
three	1
items	1
are	1
good	1
quality	1
and	1
work	1
absolutely	1
fine	1
with	1
my	1
lg	1
kc910	1
renoir...	1
i	1
couldnt	1
be	1
happier...	1
:)	1
Outside	1
I	1
could	1
get	1
2-3	1
bars.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
model	1
which	1
was	1
a	1
hottie	1
in	1
Asia	1
for	1
4	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
the	1
results	1
have	1
been	1
fantabulous.	1
It	1
got	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
it	1
was	1
worthless	1
and	1
I	1
uninstalled	1
it	1
for	1
better	1
software.	1
The	1
mini	1
sd	1
port	1
is	1
awesome.	1
I	1
purchased	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
thinking	1
that	1
even	1
with	1
the	1
excessive	1
shipping	1
charge,	1
it	1
was	1
still	1
worth	1
it.	1
Camera	1
phones	1
are	1
strictly	1
for	1
those	1
"you-had-to-be-there!"	1
It	1
fit	1
my	1
phone,	1
but	1
within	1
a	1
few	1
weeks,	1
it	1
was	1
already	1
cracked	1
and	1
the	1
color	1
was	1
rubbing	1
off.	1
However,	1
after	1
I	1
placed	1
the	1
order,	1
the	1
confirmation	1
stated	1
that	1
the	1
estimated	1
shipping	1
date	1
is	1
July	1
13.	1
Having	1
the	1
boom	1
flip	1
be	1
the	1
on/off	1
is	1
also	1
a	1
nice	1
feature.Unfortunately,	1
the	1
thing	1
that	1
really	1
matters	1
-	1
sound	1
-	1
isn't	1
there.	1
I	1
hope	1
that	1
you	1
find	1
this	1
review	1
helpful.	1
It	1
seems	1
amazing	1
that	1
no	1
one	1
can	1
produce	1
a	1
slim	1
case	1
with	1
a	1
simple	1
belt	1
clip.	1
Once	1
you	1
get	1
used	1
to	1
how	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
quickly,	1
you	1
will	1
be	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
it.	1
IT	1
RUNS	1
FAR	1
LONGER	1
ON	1
A	1
CHARGE	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
phone	1
I've	1
had!	1
Now	1
I	1
keep	1
my	1
old	1
one	1
charged	1
as	1
a	1
backup-	1
something	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
done	1
from	1
the	1
start.	1
I've	1
called	1
Virgin	1
Mobile's	1
customer	1
service	1
many	1
times	1
to	1
discuss	1
my	1
refund.	1
I	1
would	1
love	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
for	1
an	1
upgrade	1
regardless	1
of	1
the	1
cost	1
because	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
it,	1
nor	1
has	1
my	1
daughter	1
used	1
hers.	1
bad	1
on	1
all	1
counts.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
as	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
the	1
Jabra	1
BT250V	1
and	1
I'm	1
somewhat	1
disappointed.	1
Cracked	1
External	1
LCD	1
screen.	1
What	1
impedes	1
it	1
is	1
MS	1
Pocket	1
Windows,	1
or	1
however	1
it's	1
called	1
The	1
interfase	1
software	1
is	1
not	1
great.	1
It	1
lists	1
all	1
songs	1
on	1
the	1
memory	1
card	1
then	1
all	1
MP3s	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
itself.	1
The	1
ringtones	1
you	1
d/l	1
are	1
also	1
crystal	1
clear.	1
Bought	1
on	1
2/11/10.	1
Sunforce	1
55520	1
AC/DC	1
Power	1
Converter.	1
One	1
good	1
feature	1
is	1
that	1
many	1
control	1
functions,	1
such	1
as	1
skip	1
next,	1
previous,	1
play	1
and	1
pause	1
are	1
built	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
Language	1
and	1
usability	1
issues.	1
Battery	1
life	1
claims	1
are	1
no	1
where	1
near	1
true.	1
This	1
is	1
unfortunate	1
false	1
advertising	1
and	1
I	1
cannot	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
I	1
belive	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
because	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
on	1
a	1
COM	1
port	1
that	1
is	1
higher	1
than	1
the	1
software	1
recognizes	1
(it	1
only	1
has	1
COM1-Com4).	1
i	1
put	1
the	1
cd	1
in	1
&	1
it	1
says	1
it	1
requires	1
Flashplayer	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Cingular	1
has	1
crippled	1
the	1
output	1
volume	1
on	1
the	1
earpiece,	1
many	1
people	1
find	1
it	1
far	1
too	1
quiet.	1
Stylish	1
and	1
light	1
weight	1
great	1
case.	1
After	1
about	1
another	1
week,	1
I	1
finally	1
heard	1
from	1
them.	1
A	1
couple	1
of	1
more	1
days	1
went	1
by	1
and	1
one	1
morning	1
they	1
would	1
not	1
turn	1
on	1
(had	1
plenty	1
of	1
charge).	1
I	1
use	1
its	1
alarm	1
for	1
my	1
backup	1
alarm	1
clock.	1
I	1
am	1
coming	1
from	1
a	1
palmTreo	1
600	1
with	1
AT&T;	1
service	1
(see	1
my	1
review	1
of	1
that	1
product)	1
to	1
a	1
palmTreo	1
650	1
with	1
Cingular	1
service.First,	1
the	1
phone.	1
easy	1
to	1
connect	1
to	1
any	1
other	1
bluetooth	1
item	1
,	1
i	1
even	1
use	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
playstation	1
3	1
.	1
After	1
pairing	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
PS3,	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
to	1
re-pair	1
it.	1
What	1
a	1
RIP-OFF.	1
After	1
you	1
get	1
it	1
working,	1
you	1
pretty	1
much	1
have	1
to	1
follow	1
things	1
in	1
order	1
when	1
using	1
the	1
software.	1
This	1
was	1
truly	1
a	1
great	1
deal	1
and	1
fits	1
my	1
phone	1
perfect.	1
It	1
then	1
works	1
for	1
a	1
short	1
time	1
and	1
then	1
quits	1
again.	1
Bad	1
Antenna,	1
Bad	1
Battery	1
Can't	1
Save	1
a	1
Great	1
Phone.	1
Dont	1
know	1
what	1
more	1
to	1
say	1
but	1
I	1
wont	1
suggest	1
it.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
want	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
bag	1
or	1
pocket	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
wear	1
it	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
LG	1
Battery.	1
The	1
color	1
puts	1
a	1
bang	1
into	1
it!	1
I	1
thought	1
maybe	1
it	1
was	1
just	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
so	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
cord	1
headset	1
well	1
it	1
does	1
the	1
same	1
thing.	1
Good	1
headphone.	1
T-Mobile	1
stinks.	1
Inconvenient.	1
THIS	1
IS	1
THE	1
ABSOLUTE	1
WORST	1
PHONE	1
I	1
HAVE	1
EVER	1
OWNED.	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
the	1
package	1
was	1
on	1
a	1
truck	1
and	1
apparently	1
the	1
truck	1
never	1
left	1
I	1
guess!	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
my	1
Tracfone	1
since	1
2000	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
best	1
reception	1
and	1
for	1
7.99	1
per	1
month	1
the	1
best	1
bang	1
for	1
the	1
buck.	1
The	1
charger	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
the	1
MOTO	1
RAZR	1
V3m,	1
it	1
has	1
the	1
cool	1
blue	1
light	1
unlike	1
the	1
non-oem	1
chargers.	1
However,	1
there	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
software	1
bug	1
in	1
it,	1
as	1
it	1
kept	1
hanging	1
once	1
in	1
a	1
while.	1
Good	1
resource.	1
The	1
sprint	1
customer	1
service	1
is	1
clueless.	1
A	1
lot	1
lighter	1
than	1
the	1
earlier	1
generation	1
of	1
moto	1
headsets.	1
I	1
know	1
it's	1
difficult	1
to	1
universally	1
fit	1
a	1
plastic	1
hoop	1
around	1
everyone's	1
ear,	1
but	1
this	1
particular	1
headset	1
didn't	1
seem	1
to	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
ear.	1
Found	1
another	1
one	1
and	1
the	1
PANTECH	1
worked	1
great	1
in	1
it	1
but	1
lost	1
the	1
case	1
one	1
day	1
and	1
had	1
to	1
order	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
program...the	1
scheduling	1
feature	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
touch.	1
Phone	1
book	1
is	1
also	1
a	1
plus,	1
speaker	1
phone	1
also	1
great	1
feature	1
if	1
dont	1
want	1
to	1
listen	1
directly	1
into	1
from	1
the	1
phone.	1
MobileESPN	1
is	1
now	1
getting	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
business	1
and	1
I	1
find	1
myself	1
having	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
again,	1
but	1
I	1
digress.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
find	1
and	1
e-mail	1
to	1
write	1
to	1
let	1
the	1
company	1
know.	1
A	1
great	1
feature	1
for	1
lot's	1
of	1
numbers.	1
This	1
items	1
is	1
only	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
take	1
peoples	1
money.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
it	1
all!	1
iGo	1
Stowaway	1
Keyboard.	1
This	1
unit	1
was	1
sold	1
as	1
"new"	1
but	1
when	1
it	1
arrived	1
the	1
box	1
looked	1
like	1
it	1
had	1
been	1
opened	1
and	1
taped	1
shut.	1
I	1
loved	1
this	1
screen	1
protector!	1
As	1
stated	1
elsewhere,	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
in	1
your	1
right	1
pants	1
pocket,	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
on	1
your	1
right	1
ear.	1
Wrong	1
Item	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
much	1
lighter	1
than	1
the	1
previous	1
ones,	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
light	1
that	1
indicates	1
it	1
is	1
in	1
use.	1
I	1
attached	1
the	1
e-mail	1
and	1
asked	1
them	1
to	1
please	1
read	1
it.	1
,	1
i	1
would	1
rather	1
advice	1
not	1
to	1
take	1
risk	1
and	1
pains	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
product.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
unless	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
warranty!.	1
Printed	1
out	1
the	1
return	1
slips.	1
The	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
i	1
tunes	1
on	1
it	1
is	1
pretty	1
cool.	1
I	1
loved	1
this	1
phone	1
when	1
I	1
got	1
it.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
huge	1
CDMA	1
fan	1
and	1
leieve	1
that	1
the	1
IS2000	1
connection	1
was	1
fast.	1
I	1
called	1
T-mobile	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
replaced	1
and	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
it	1
was	1
out	1
of	1
waranty.	1
The	1
performance	1
of	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
disappointing.	1
USB	1
Data	1
Cable	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
connect	1
the	1
equipment	1
Nokia	1
6225.	1
This	1
headset	1
comes	1
highly	1
recommended.	1
The	1
service	1
is	1
amazing	1
clear	1
and	1
perfect.	1
Bought	1
this	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
a	1
VX8300	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
that	1
phone!	1
These	1
have	1
good	1
volume,	1
great	1
sound	1
and	1
VERY	1
comfortable.	1
Doesn't	1
fit	1
my	1
KRZR.	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
A	1
total	1
piece	1
of	1
garbage	1
nothing	1
but	1
static	1
and	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
like	1
being	1
in	1
A	1
tunnel	1
,Buy	1
plantronics	1
much	1
better	1
quality	1
i	1
want	1
my	1
next	1
fone	1
to	1
be	1
an	1
LG	1
cuz	1
i	1
just	1
want	1
to	1
see	1
wat	1
else	1
is	1
out	1
there	1
besides	1
Samsung----hope	1
this	1
helped	1
PEEEAACCEEE	1
Extremely	1
disappointed.	1
so	1
I	1
advise	1
you	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
items	1
even	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
cheaper.	1
poor	1
charging	1
disign.	1
Not	1
only	1
did	1
it	1
not	1
charge,	1
but	1
it	1
drained	1
the	1
player	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
where	1
it	1
won't	1
even	1
turn	1
on.	1
Depends	1
on	1
the	1
purpose	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
This	1
has	1
the	1
BT	1
2.0	1
standard.	1
Secondly,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
superb.	1
I	1
lost	1
my	1
old	1
one	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
halo	1
3	1
edition	1
360.	1
I	1
previously	1
wrote	1
a	1
review	1
for	1
the	1
Firefly.	1
And	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
allot	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
name	1
brand	1
one.	1
Especially	1
when	1
priced	1
comparibly	1
to	1
a	1
single	1
ear	1
device	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
imagine	1
going	1
back.	1
scuba	1
case.	1
The	1
picture	1
of	1
this	1
case	1
makes	1
it	1
look	1
better	1
than	1
it	1
is.	1
One	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
overall	1
headsets	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
used.	1
Im	1
getting	1
about	1
40	1
minutes	1
talk	1
time.	1
The	1
backlight	1
to	1
my	1
key	1
pad	1
kept	1
going	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
and	1
the	1
text	1
messaging	1
began	1
to	1
slow	1
down	1
the	1
more	1
I	1
used	1
it.	1
I	1
assume	1
it's	1
just	1
as	1
bad.	1
It	1
is	1
like	1
the	1
iskin	1
for	1
the	1
ipod.	1
Suffice	1
to	1
say	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
ANY	1
problems	1
with	1
your	1
order	1
or	1
service	1
-	1
count	1
on	1
it	1
being	1
YOUR	1
problem	1
and	1
NOT	1
Amazon's.	1
cell	1
phone	1
antenna	1
stickers	1
DO	1
NOT	1
work!.	1
Save	1
your	1
money.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
four	1
months.	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
product.	1
That	1
didn't	1
fix	1
the	1
problem.	1
The	1
Windows	1
Music	1
player	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
feature,	1
altho	1
I	1
could	1
do	1
without	1
the	1
instant	1
messaging	1
(it's	1
a	1
phone,	1
if	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
reach	1
someone,	1
I'll	1
call).	1
You	1
can't	1
go	1
wrong	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
even	1
recieve	1
incoming	1
calls,	1
calls	1
would	1
go	1
straight	1
to	1
my	1
voice	1
mail.	1
Realized	1
I	1
was	1
also	1
having	1
problems	1
with	1
my	1
charger.	1
The	1
camera	1
cannot	1
be	1
used	1
without	1
incurring	1
data	1
charges	1
since	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
pictures	1
off	1
the	1
phone.	1
This	1
is	1
false	1
advertisment.	1
This	1
product	1
didn't	1
fit	1
the	1
Razor	1
Phone	1
that	1
I	1
purchased	1
it	1
for.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
i	1
have	1
great	1
service	1
everywhere	1
else.	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
your	1
phone	1
to	1
look	1
pretty,	1
this	1
is	1
probably	1
the	1
case	1
for	1
you.	1
Way	1
under	1
my	1
expectation.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
Nokia	1
Desktop	1
Charging	1
Stand	1
--	1
in	1
spite	1
of	1
a	1
negative	1
review!	1
Never	1
think	1
of	1
buying	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
number	1
keys	1
are	1
small	1
and	1
have	1
a	1
tendency	1
to	1
stick.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
is	1
a	1
totally	1
useless	1
and	1
disappointing	1
headset.	1
Do	1
NOT	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
Bargaincell!.	1
When	1
traveling	1
in	1
the	1
car,	1
be	1
prepared	1
with	1
a	1
Palm	1
Car	1
Charger	1
to	1
recharge	1
your	1
Palm	1
for	1
access	1
to	1
your	1
Address	1
Book	1
and	1
to	1
play	1
fun	1
games.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
palmTreo	1
600	1
do	1
NOT	1
feel	1
obligated	1
to	1
upgrade	1
to	1
a	1
650.	1
So	1
I'm	1
using	1
it	1
again.	1
I've	1
been	1
looking	1
locally	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
with	1
no	1
luck.	1
Keep	1
shopping.	1
So	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
them	1
to	1
stay	1
in	1
your	1
ear	1
is	1
difficult.	1
Good	1
sound.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
pair	1
of	1
Shure	1
E5C	1
earphones	1
I	1
now	1
use	1
for	1
my	1
iPod.	1
To	1
adjust	1
volume	1
UP	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
short	1
taps,	1
dont	1
hold	1
down	1
as	1
this	1
will	1
set	1
mute	1
on.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
a	1
major	1
selling	1
point	1
with	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
hoping	1
that	1
with	1
a	1
new	1
software	1
update,	1
it	1
will	1
get	1
louder.	1
Not	1
a	1
"Happy	1
Camper"	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
In	1
short,	1
yes..the	1
cable	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
Bendable	1
earphones,	1
4.	1
In	1
addition	1
to	1
getting	1
dropped,	1
when	1
I	1
could	1
connect	1
it	1
was	1
slower	1
than	1
promised.	1
signal	1
not	1
strong	1
enough?.	1
I	1
ABSOLUTELY	1
LOVE	1
this	1
bluetooth.	1
What	1
they	1
do,	1
they	1
do	1
very	1
well.	1
Works	1
on	1
a	1
Mac,	1
just	1
not	1
very	1
well..	1
Product	1
arrived	1
without	1
retail	1
packaging,	1
carrying	1
case,	1
3.5mm	1
jack	1
adapter,	1
manual,	1
warranty	1
info	1
or	1
UPC	1
code.	1
The	1
4920	1
display	1
cannot	1
be	1
viewed	1
in	1
sunlight	1
(you	1
cannot	1
even	1
tell	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
active).	1
The	1
price	1
is	1
okay	1
but	1
right	1
now	1
i	1
just	1
send	1
in	1
rebate	1
for	1
$50	1
back	1
from	1
Sam	1
Goodie.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
product	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
unbelievably	1
well	1
for	1
the	1
price.At	1
first	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
the	1
way	1
it	1
fit	1
inside	1
your	1
ear.	1
But	1
you	1
wont	1
find	1
a	1
better	1
choice	1
at	1
this	1
time.	1
Plantronics	1
510.	1
Sure	1
beats	1
the	1
Motorola	1
leather	1
case	1
which	1
ripped	1
a	1
seam	1
on	1
me	1
in	1
first	1
month.	1
Gmail	1
is	1
a	1
Java	1
site,	1
but	1
I	1
just	1
have	1
the	1
mail	1
forwarded	1
to	1
my	1
Pop3	1
account	1
so	1
it	1
is	1
automatically	1
pushed	1
to	1
the	1
device.	1
Trying	1
to	1
get	1
through	1
to	1
customer	1
service	1
takes	1
forever	1
and	1
once	1
you	1
get	1
through	1
they	1
do	1
nothing.	1
better	1
get	1
a	1
smart	1
phone.	1
Works	1
well.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
cable	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
transfer	1
my	1
pictures	1
and	1
my	1
videos	1
from	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
my	1
laptop..	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
it,	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
come	1
with	1
any	1
software.	1
Software	1
-	1
Very	1
slow	1
to	1
respond	1
to	1
button	1
sometime.4.	1
The	1
front	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
seems	1
to	1
appear	1
too	1
plastic.	1
I	1
constantly	1
drop	1
calls	1
and	1
sometimes	1
I	1
don't	1
receive	1
my	1
calls.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
calls	1
and	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
works	1
great.	1
When	1
I	1
did	1
have	1
this	1
headset,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
was	1
good,	1
battery	1
life	1
was	1
excellent,	1
as	1
was	1
the	1
range.	1
All	1
I	1
found	1
were	1
frustrated	1
people	1
that	1
had	1
little	1
to	1
no	1
luck	1
in	1
getting	1
it	1
to	1
work.	1
Brand	1
New	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
650,	1
700w,	1
700p,	1
700wx	1
Ultra	1
Extended	1
Lithium-Ion	1
Battery	1
(1800mAh).	1
What	1
a	1
terrible	1
service!!!.	1
It	1
fits	1
in	1
any	1
pocket,	1
and	1
protects	1
the	1
mic,	1
but	1
does	1
not	1
cover	1
the	1
earbud	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
headset.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
complaints.	1
The	1
USB	1
ports	1
work	1
great	1
and	1
the	1
duel	1
12	1
volt	1
sockets	1
are	1
great.	1
This	1
means	1
whoever	1
you	1
are	1
talking	1
to	1
will	1
mostly	1
hear	1
car	1
noise	1
rather	1
than	1
whatever	1
you	1
are	1
trying	1
to	1
say.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
twice...	1
both	1
times	1
the	1
'problem'	1
was	1
covered.	1
purchased	1
charger	1
and	1
it	1
charged	1
for	1
about	1
20	1
minutes	1
and	1
has	1
been	1
blinking	1
every	1
since.	1
They	1
never	1
had	1
the	1
courtesy	1
to	1
respond.	1
I	1
threw	1
them	1
away.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
p	1
hone	1
for	1
9	1
months,	1
and	1
know	1
someone	1
else	1
who	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
9	1
months	1
with	1
this	1
same	1
problem.	1
Just	1
as	1
a	1
phone,	1
the	1
KRZR	1
K1	1
works	1
great.	1
But	1
then	1
there's	1
no	1
comparison	1
between	1
the	1
2.The	1
softwares	1
running	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
very	1
stable.I	1
am	1
one	1
happy	1
customer.	1
Heck,	1
even	1
for	1
$5,	1
this	1
headset	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
ripoff.	1
I	1
guess	1
I'm	1
stuck	1
with	1
it..	1
so	1
I'll	1
just	1
try	1
to	1
deal	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
problems.	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
not	1
so	1
good.	1
I	1
was	1
impressed	1
that	1
they	1
would	1
responsed	1
so	1
quickly	1
and	1
made	1
sure	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
battery	1
that	1
would	1
take	1
a	1
charge.	1
But	1
once	1
it	1
is	1
installed,	1
it	1
was	1
smooth	1
sailing.	1
LG	1
shine	1
cellphone.	1
The	1
battery	1
seems	1
a	1
little	1
weak.	1
They	1
were	1
not	1
especially	1
light	1
weight,	1
but	1
fit	1
fine	1
on	1
my	1
head	1
and	1
were	1
not	1
all	1
that	1
heavy	1
(8	1
oz).	1
Why	1
can't	1
you	1
make	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
doesn't	1
drop	1
calls,	1
or	1
has	1
a	1
longer	1
battery	1
life?	1
Comes	1
with	1
Word,	1
Excel,	1
and	1
PPT	1
Viewer	1
etc.	1
Works	1
great	1
for	1
me..	1
These	1
seem	1
to	1
be	1
working	1
great,	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
several	1
weeks	1
now	1
and	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
problem.	1
Decent	1
headset.	1
So	1
far,	1
there	1
have	1
been	1
two	1
totally	1
annoying	1
things.	1
Motorola	1
Cable.	1
But	1
for	1
some	1
reason,	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
pictures	1
you	1
take	1
cannot	1
be	1
centered.	1
It	1
works	1
great.	1
Can't	1
play	1
mp3	1
or	1
wavringtones	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
box.	1
There	1
are	1
two	1
drawbacks	1
-	1
1)	1
there	1
is	1
always	1
a	1
delay	1
to	1
answering	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
the	1
headset.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
on	1
Windows	1
Vista	1
and	1
Windows	1
7.	1
The	1
external	1
LCD	1
screen	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
cracked	1
mysteriously.	1
I	1
guess	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
charge	1
yes/	1
sync	1
no.	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
thicker	1
belt,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
unsnap	1
the	1
snaps	1
(top	1
of	1
image).	1
The	1
car	1
charger	1
still	1
works....for	1
now.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
could	1
send	1
this	1
back	1
but	1
I	1
waited	1
to	1
long	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
I	1
can	1
confirm	1
what	1
has	1
already	1
been	1
said	1
by	1
numerous	1
other	1
people	1
who	1
used	1
Jawbone	1
-	1
good	1
looks,	1
bad	1
ergonomics.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
(from	1
Verizon)	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
constantly	1
has	1
had	1
problems.	1
The	1
greatest	1
feature	1
of	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
640	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
fits	1
in	1
your	1
ear,	1
and	1
is	1
therefore	1
probably	1
twice	1
as	1
loud	1
as	1
any	1
other	1
headset	1
I've	1
tried.	1
nope.Well	1
anyway	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
a	1
certain	1
amount	1
of	1
time,	1
it	1
gets	1
very	1
boring	1
after	1
awhile	1
though.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
car	1
with	1
the	1
idea	1
that	1
a	1
retractable	1
cable	1
would	1
keep	1
my	1
car	1
clean.	1
I	1
googled	1
it	1
and	1
found	1
that	1
others	1
had	1
similar	1
problems.	1
During	1
installation,	1
the	1
software	1
went	1
through	1
three	1
update	1
cycles	1
to	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
latest	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
software	1
(5.x).	1
It	1
will	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
could	1
never	1
wear	1
an	1
earguard	1
with	1
my	1
sunglasses	1
comfortably,	1
but	1
for	1
some	1
reason	1
this	1
ear	1
guard	1
does	1
not	1
get	1
in	1
the	1
way.	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
just	1
fine,	1
but	1
the	1
people	1
I	1
call	1
can	1
only	1
hear	1
a	1
broken	1
robot.	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
bad	1
comments	1
for	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
external	1
display	1
is	1
always	1
on	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
flip	1
the	1
phone	1
open	1
just	1
to	1
see	1
what	1
time	1
it	1
is.	1
I	1
read	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
reviews	1
and	1
found	1
as	1
much	1
information	1
as	1
I	1
could	1
about	1
this	1
before	1
even	1
ordering	1
it.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
it	1
at	1
all.	1
My	1
office	1
has	1
numerous	1
i530	1
phones	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
our	1
contract.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
load	1
my	1
backup	1
via	1
my	1
computer,	1
this	1
time	1
it	1
over-wrote	1
everything	1
on	1
my	1
computer	1
and	1
my	1
contacts	1
and	1
calander	1
were	1
GONE!	1
Some	1
people	1
complain	1
about	1
the	1
blue	1
flashing	1
light,	1
but	1
it	1
hangs	1
high	1
enough	1
on	1
my	1
visor	1
that	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
notice	1
the	1
blinking.	1
THE	1
SIZE	1
AND	1
WIEGHT	1
ARE	1
OK.	1
Now,	1
I	1
got	1
no	1
phone	1
but	1
Cingular	1
Bill	1
is	1
sticking	1
from	1
October	1
25th	1
and	1
Amazon	1
is	1
replacing	1
with	1
the	1
new	1
phone.	1
1)	1
that	1
it	1
synchs	1
with	1
MS	1
Outlook,	1
and	1
2)	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
stero	1
MP3	1
player.	1
The	1
phone	1
also	1
supports	1
micro	1
sd	1
cards	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
have	1
a	1
2gb	1
MP3	1
player	1
everywhere	1
you	1
go!	1
The	1
lanyard(?	1
Got	1
the	1
steady	1
green	1
light	1
indicating	1
good	1
charge.	1
awesome	1
phone	1
with	1
no	1
complaints.	1
They	1
repaired	1
it	1
for	1
free	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
under	1
the	1
manufacturer's	1
warranty.	1
Got	1
what	1
I	1
ordered,	1
it	1
looks	1
good,	1
easy	1
to	1
install,	1
works	1
fine.	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
phone	1
through	1
T-mobile	1
4	1
years	1
ago.	1
It	1
hurts	1
the	1
bone	1
behind	1
each	1
ear,	1
right	1
in	1
the	1
middle.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
just	1
go	1
for	1
"the	1
best".	1
refub	1
-	1
that's	1
news	1
to	1
me.	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
for	1
some	1
of	1
my	1
friends	1
who	1
complained	1
about	1
theirs.	1
ca42	1
cable	1
for	1
a	1
Nokia	1
cell	1
phone	1
didn't	1
work,	1
tryied	1
another	1
ca42	1
cable	1
that	1
I	1
borrwed	1
from	1
my	1
son-in-law	1
and	1
it	1
worked.	1
I	1
still	1
like	1
the	1
concept,	1
but	1
the	1
device	1
itself	1
doesn't	1
work	1
well	1
enough	1
to	1
satisfy	1
me	1
or	1
my	1
friends.	1
But	1
I	1
feel	1
that	1
I've	1
gotten	1
some	1
decent	1
value	1
out	1
of	1
this	1
handy	1
headset	1
from	1
Motorola.	1
What	1
a	1
waste.	1
Highly	1
recommended!	1
rapid	1
charger.	1
It	1
feels	1
durable	1
and	1
feels	1
good.	1
This	1
phone	1
pouch	1
is	1
very	1
well	1
constructed	1
and	1
should	1
last	1
for	1
many	1
years.	1
I	1
felt	1
that	1
it	1
had	1
the	1
650	1
and	1
the	1
Palm	1
OS	1
out-matched	1
in	1
every	1
category.	1
Blue	1
Tooth.	1
considering	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
headset,	1
I	1
didn't	1
even	1
try	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
in	1
the	1
fear	1
that	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
follow	1
the	1
necessary	1
battery	1
charge	1
cycle.	1
But,	1
the	1
picture	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
compared	1
to	1
some	1
of	1
my	1
friend's	1
phones.	1
The	1
quality	1
of	1
manufacture	1
is	1
generally	1
excellent.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
that	1
is	1
good	1
about	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
it	1
is	1
pretty!!!	1
Only	1
real	1
problem	1
is	1
fit.	1
IPHONE	1
COVER.	1
Software	1
crashed	1
in	1
3	1
monthsVZ	1
changed	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
kept	1
the	1
battery.Battery	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
charged	1
twice(!)	1
while	1
putting	1
them	1
on	1
i	1
scratched	1
the	1
surface	1
every	1
time	1
with	1
the	1
pad	1
of	1
my	1
finger	1
(not	1
my	1
nail)	1
just	1
trying	1
to	1
push	1
the	1
bubbles	1
out.	1
Allows	1
you	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
music	1
from	1
your	1
ipod	1
and	1
take	1
a	1
call	1
when	1
it	1
comes	1
in.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
one	1
bar	1
outside,	1
then	1
you	1
get	1
one	1
bar	1
inside.	1
The	1
silicone	1
case	1
was	1
an	1
extremely	1
inexpensive	1
solution	1
to	1
both	1
concerns.	1
I	1
will	1
be	1
reporting	1
this	1
to	1
my	1
local	1
authorities	1
and	1
also	1
to	1
Motorola.	1
Very	1
pleased	1
with	1
this	1
headset.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
light	1
on	1
the	1
tip	1
that	1
connects	1
to	1
the	1
controller.	1
this	1
product	1
does	1
not	1
stay	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
very	1
well	1
however	1
it	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
low	1
tech	1
The	1
reception	1
quality	1
is	1
also	1
nothing	1
near	1
what	1
my	1
previous	1
Motorola	1
flip	1
had!	1
An	1
irritating	1
thing	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
device	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
on	1
mains	1
power	1
unless	1
the	1
batteries	1
can	1
be	1
charged	1
inside.	1
That	1
said,	1
Jawbone	1
is	1
an	1
awesome	1
product.	1
Google	1
Maps	1
works,	1
besides	1
GMail	1
and	1
other	1
applications	1
mentioned	1
by	1
other	1
reviewers.	1
Also,	1
the	1
controls	1
were	1
badly	1
placed	1
and	1
I	1
kept	1
hitting	1
the	1
controls	1
when	1
I	1
put	1
them	1
on.	1
these	1
damn	1
things	1
stop	1
working	1
at	1
exactly	1
the	1
one	1
year	1
mark.	1
It	1
would	1
only	1
dial	1
by	1
name.	1
Doesn't	1
live	1
up	1
to	1
the	1
hype.	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
that	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
comfortable.	1
That	1
was	1
the	1
perfect	1
decision.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
upgrade	1
from	1
my	1
Kyocera	1
K9.	1
At	1
home,	1
I	1
leave	1
my	1
phone	1
where	1
it	1
gets	1
a	1
strong	1
signal..	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
talk	1
with	1
perfect	1
clarity.	1
It's	1
very	1
frustrating	1
to	1
both	1
parties.It	1
constantly	1
freezes	1
and/or	1
fails	1
to	1
place	1
the	1
call	1
that	1
you	1
just	1
dialed.	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
Outlook	1
client	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
ok.3)	1
Freezing.	1
Third	1
best	1
phone	1
regardless	1
of	1
price.	1
Did	1
not	1
enhance	1
signal.	1
If	1
you're	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
just	1
to	1
talk	1
on,	1
this	1
one	1
will	1
work	1
fine.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
and	1
returned	1
it.	1
Excellent	1
cell	1
phone	1
case,	1
clip	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
hard	1
to	1
use	1
but	1
works.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
syns	1
with	1
my	1
Ipad	1
bluetooth	1
even	1
with	1
vendor	1
support	1
to	1
no	1
avail.	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
seen	1
this	1
phone	1
go	1
below	1
2	1
bars,	1
and	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
a	1
rural	1
area.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
other	1
phones,	1
and	1
they	1
came	1
with	1
a	1
cable	1
for	1
making	1
transfers	1
to	1
my	1
PC.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
fiance	1
for	1
Christmas	1
in	1
2006	1
and	1
he's	1
still	1
using	1
it	1
up	1
until	1
now.	1
Handspring	1
Treo	1
300.	1
No	1
interface	1
for	1
ringtones	1
or	1
wallpaper.	1
Go	1
to	1
Address	1
Book.4.	1
Worked	1
great.	1
Love	1
new	1
batteries	1
old	1
batteries	1
would	1
not	1
last	1
a	1
day	1
without	1
being	1
charged.	1
Piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
I	1
also	1
liked	1
identifying	1
images	1
for	1
individual	1
callers	1
but	1
that's	1
pretty	1
standard	1
on	1
phones	1
now	1
anyway.	1
I	1
replaced	1
an	1
older	1
Samsung	1
A670	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
several	1
months	1
ago	1
and	1
am	1
overall	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
Thanks	1
to	1
this	1
seller,	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
order	1
and	1
receive	1
some	1
key	1
components.	1
Excellent	1
sound,	1
terrible	1
ergonomics,	1
far	1
too	1
delicate.	1
It	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
works	1
well.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
trust	1
amazon's	1
online	1
availablility	1
then	1
i	1
say	1
try	1
for	1
the	1
black.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
These	1
are	1
great,	1
especially	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
People	1
can	1
clearly	1
hear	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
clearly	1
hear	1
them.2.	1
I	1
have	1
5	1
or	1
6	1
friends	1
who	1
made	1
the	1
same	1
mistake.	1
Great	1
Phone	1
Cover.	1
However	1
T-Mobile	1
still	1
has	1
lots	1
of	1
them	1
to	1
try	1
and	1
replace	1
your	1
broken	1
ones	1
with.	1
Considering	1
it	1
can	1
be	1
purchased	1
for	1
under	1
10	1
bucks,	1
it	1
is	1
well	1
worth	1
it.	1
I	1
usually	1
have	1
my	1
phone	1
set	1
to	1
less	1
than	1
half	1
the	1
max	1
volume.	1
"Update,	1
September	1
2008	1
Had	1
to	1
toss	1
it.	1
The	1
design	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
changed	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
clip	1
attachment	1
to	1
the	1
holster	1
sturder.	1
good	1
replacement.	1
I'm	1
really	1
glad	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
I	1
had	1
was	1
that	1
there	1
were	1
certain	1
areas	1
in	1
Chicago	1
that	1
when	1
I	1
passed	1
through	1
would	1
drop	1
calls.	1
And	1
you	1
can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
own	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
love	1
it..	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
since	1
August	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
Item	1
arrived	1
damaged	1
-	1
clearly	1
a	1
refurbish.	1
Higly	1
recommend	1
this	1
model	1
and	1
the	1
seller	1
was	1
great	1
to	1
work	1
with,	1
fast	1
shipment.	1
Don't	1
go	1
buy	1
it!.	1
Absolutely	1
the	1
worst	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
every	1
used.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
product	1
or	1
reccomend	1
it.	1
Fidelity	1
is	1
spectacular	1
(MP3s	1
recorded	1
at	1
320K	1
-	1
anyone	1
who	1
listens	1
to	1
128K	1
doesn't	1
care	1
about	1
sound	1
quality).	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for!	1
No	1
data	1
transfer.	1
I	1
really	1
WISH	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
five-star	1
product....	1
But	1
wishing	1
isn't	1
going	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
happen.	1
but	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
had	1
pretty	1
cool	1
features	1
to	1
it	1
like	1
i	1
like	1
how	1
you	1
could	1
take	1
pictures	1
from	1
the	1
outside.	1
After	1
waiting	1
for	1
months,	1
it	1
finally	1
came	1
out	1
late	1
fall.	1
Do	1
not	1
get	1
this	1
if	1
your	1
email	1
account	1
is	1
MSN	1
or	1
hotmail.	1
i	1
never	1
even	1
had	1
to	1
read	1
the	1
instructions.	1
Phone	1
has	1
PDA	1
functions	1
which	1
fits	1
me.	1
Just	1
put	1
like	1
8	1
hours	1
of	1
music	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
even	1
dent	1
the	1
memory!	1
Once	1
the	1
device	1
was	1
charged	1
all	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
do	1
was	1
turn	1
on	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
on	1
my	1
Razr	1
and	1
it	1
found	1
the	1
T305,	1
done.I	1
love	1
the	1
voice	1
recognition	1
also.	1
Static	1
is	1
constant	1
from	1
any	1
high	1
pitched	1
sound.	1
It	1
is	1
no	1
fun	1
trying	1
to	1
retrieve	1
the	1
components	1
in	1
an	1
automobile	1
or	1
anywhere	1
else.Avoid	1
this	1
badly	1
engineered	1
product.	1
No	1
big	1
deal,	1
replace	1
the	1
unit	1
for	1
$6	1
in	1
shipping	1
and	1
a	1
two	1
week	1
wait.	1
The	1
new	1
foam	1
cushion	1
feels	1
great	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
If	1
you	1
patient	1
then	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
for	1
you.	1
People	1
still	1
tell	1
me	1
that	1
my	1
PM8200	1
looks	1
brand	1
new,	1
so	1
looks	1
like	1
this	1
battery	1
was	1
all	1
I	1
needed.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
cheapest	1
adapter	1
I	1
could	1
find.	1
The	1
mobile	1
battery	1
charger	1
is	1
sometimes	1
quite	1
useful.	1
Hope	1
that	1
helped.	1
Still	1
sitting	1
on	1
my	1
desk	1
in	1
the	1
original	1
package.	1
Jawbone	1
Blue-tooth	1
Head	1
set.	1
I	1
love	1
my	1
Jawbone	1
and	1
I	1
will	1
recommend	1
it	1
to	1
others!	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
case	1
before	1
I	1
even	1
had	1
the	1
iPhone,	1
and	1
I've	1
been	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
Speaking	1
of	1
Call	1
clarity,	1
this	1
isn't	1
Sprint	1
PCS	1
(which	1
I	1
had	1
before),	1
but	1
I'm	1
certain	1
that	1
it's	1
better	1
than	1
At&t	1
and	1
Cingular.	1
I	1
found	1
from	1
trial-and-error	1
that	1
the	1
on-off	1
button	1
worked	1
about	1
1/3	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
The	1
removal	1
caused	1
no	1
damage	1
to	1
the	1
case,	1
and	1
it	1
looks	1
great	1
as	1
ever.	1
and	1
very	1
lightweight.I	1
am	1
a	1
large	1
guy	1
with	1
a	1
big	1
ole	1
head	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
fits	1
me	1
just	1
fine	1
after	1
changing	1
the	1
rubber	1
earpiece	1
to	1
the	1
Large	1
size.	1
Samsung	1
WEP200.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
very	1
short	1
period,	1
and	1
had	1
my	1
phone	1
turned	1
off	1
the	1
next	1
day	1
because	1
I	1
ran	1
up	1
a	1
bill	1
of	1
$80.00.	1
Great	1
product	1
and	1
i	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
bluetooth	1
speakerphone.	1
First	1
it	1
use	1
a	1
non	1
usb	1
charger	1
and	1
its	1
too	1
big	1
and	1
bulk	1
this	1
needs	1
to	1
put	1
in	1
the	1
trashed	1
and	1
buried	1
on	1
another	1
planet.	1
Good	1
but	1
not	1
perfect.	1
Great	1
purchase.	1
I	1
might	1
point	1
out	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
return	1
2	1
units	1
due	1
to	1
failed	1
batteries.	1
Recommend	1
this	1
seller,	1
easy	1
transaction	1
A	1
+	1
+	1
+	1
+	1
+	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
not	1
an	1
issue,	1
however,	1
if	1
you	1
can't	1
wear	1
the	1
device.Obviously,	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
This	1
happened	1
with	1
2	1
ipods,	1
1	1
iphone	1
and	1
2	1
different	1
cars,	1
so	1
I	1
do	1
feel	1
this	1
problem	1
to	1
be	1
in	1
the	1
cable.	1
Uncluttered	1
Design	1
and	1
Button	1
layout.Cons	1
:1.	1
This	1
phone	1
bittered	1
my	1
experience	1
with	1
both.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
service.	1
My	1
mini	1
lives	1
on!.	1
The	1
company	1
who	1
sold	1
'Plantronics	1
MX150	1
Flexible	1
Boom	1
Headset	1
with	1
2.5	1
mm	1
Plug'	1
owes	1
me	1
one.	1
But	1
the	1
battery	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
1000mAh	1
Li-Ion,	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
1100mAh.	1
mp3	1
arm	1
brace.	1
Looks	1
so	1
nice.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
big	1
deal	1
because	1
charging	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
is	1
impractical.	1
Yeah,	1
this	1
was	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
me,	1
and	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
really	1
expensive	1
and	1
really	1
crappy	1
phone,	1
then	1
it's	1
for	1
you,	1
too!	1
However,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
terrible.	1
I	1
found	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
most	1
high	1
quality	1
(but	1
expensive)	1
wireless	1
headset	1
for	1
VOIP	1
uses.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
of	1
this	1
same	1
item	1
I	1
received.	1
I'll	1
also	1
send	1
you	1
the	1
simple	1
instructions	1
to	1
follow.	1
Fab....	1
I	1
LOVE	1
THIS	1
PHONE,,,,LOOKED	1
AT	1
RAZR	1
TO	1
CHEAP	1
FEELIN	1
GOT	1
THS	1
ONE	1
LOVE	1
IT	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
rate	1
it	1
5	1
stars	1
if	1
this	1
cost	1
more	1
than	1
$25.	1
I	1
really	1
feel	1
as	1
though	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
refurbished	1
H700!	1
Impressive.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
touch	1
screen;	1
but	1
between	1
it's	1
jog	1
wheel,	1
back-button	1
and	1
navigation	1
pad	1
-	1
there	1
won't	1
be	1
a	1
long	1
learning	1
curve.	1
The	1
Stench	1
reached	1
Europe.	1
But	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
whole	1
thing	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
in	1
case	1
of	1
an	1
emergency!	1
I	1
NEVER	1
experienced	1
this	1
with	1
my	1
last	1
phone!!	1
Fits	1
a	1
little	1
loose,	1
phone	1
kept	1
cutting	1
off.	1
(The	1
Nokia	1
fails	1
miserably;	1
the	1
tines	1
dug	1
into	1
my	1
ear	1
at	1
the	1
top	1
and	1
bottom,	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
impossible	1
to	1
correct	1
it.)2.	1
Of	1
course,	1
when	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
service,	1
you	1
don't	1
get	1
the	1
internet	1
access	1
either.	1
I	1
haven't	1
tried	1
it	1
next	1
to	1
a	1
vacuum	1
cleaner	1
or	1
anything,	1
but	1
I	1
don't	1
I'd	1
be	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
that	1
situation	1
anyway.	1
It	1
stated	1
it	1
was	1
delivered	1
on	1
Sept	1
17.	1
Very	1
difficult	1
to	1
take	1
off!!.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
spot	1
to	1
attach	1
a	1
lanyard,	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
grips	1
on	1
the	1
sides	1
to	1
help	1
hold	1
this	1
massive	1
phone.	1
With	1
this	1
alteration,	1
the	1
ear	1
bud	1
stays	1
in,	1
making	1
the	1
head	1
set	1
work	1
pretty	1
well.The	1
headset	1
that	1
I	1
received	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
headset	1
pictured.	1
Seller	1
has	1
an	1
item	1
that	1
is	1
similiar	1
to	1
Kangaroo.	1
So	1
I	1
call	1
blackberry	1
and	1
they	1
inform	1
me	1
that	1
this	1
device	1
is	1
not	1
supported	1
by	1
verizon!	1
This	1
product	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
in	1
my	1
car.	1
Advertisements	1
do	1
not	1
specify	1
any	1
certian	1
types,	1
just	1
Motorola	1
phones.	1
Otherwise	1
great	1
buy.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
crisp	1
and	1
the	1
display	1
is	1
excellent.	1
Forcing	1
us	1
to	1
hangup	1
and	1
call	1
again.	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
time	1
or	1
money.	1
Had	1
a	1
H500,	1
it	1
was	1
ok	1
but	1
low	1
max	1
volume.	1
It	1
sucks	1
how	1
is	1
that.	1
Good	1
fit	1
but....	1
It	1
fits	1
the	1
U.S.	1
Nothing	1
particulary	1
spectacular,	1
but	1
good	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
I	1
hope	1
it's	1
better.	1
Nice	1
device.	1
To	1
users	1
who	1
are	1
used	1
to	1
using	1
Microsoft	1
products	1
this	1
may	1
seem	1
normal	1
but	1
to	1
others	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
annoying.2.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
the	1
speed	1
and	1
the	1
product	1
itself,	1
will	1
do	1
business	1
again	1
And	1
all	1
for	1
a	1
very	1
affordable	1
price.	1
Also,	1
it's	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
that	1
I've	1
used	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
clearly	1
and	1
loudly.	1
Don't	1
know	1
why	1
I	1
didn't	1
try	1
here	1
sooner.	1
[...]	1
it	1
was	1
here	1
in	1
an	1
expedient	1
fashion	1
are	1
bonuses.	1
Only	1
Amazon	1
has	1
a	1
deal	1
like	1
this!	1
Good	1
thing	1
it	1
was	1
FREE	1
DROP	1
CALLS	1
A	1
LOT2.	1
Great	1
Bargain/Quality.	1
There's	1
probably	1
something	1
better	1
out	1
there.	1
I	1
own	1
a	1
Treo	1
700w	1
and	1
a	1
700p.	1
Thanks	1
to	1
Seller	1
at	1
Amazon	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
find	1
this	1
particular	1
battery	1
without	1
running	1
around	1
town	1
calling	1
and	1
looking	1
for	1
it.	1
Direct	1
connect	1
only	1
works	1
MAYBE	1
half	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Great	1
case.	1
Can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price.	1
One	1
of	1
the	1
worst	1
phones	1
ever.	1
Every	1
month	1
for	1
7	1
years	1
my	1
bill	1
has	1
beenthe	1
same,	1
within	1
a	1
few	1
pennies.	1
Enough	1
said?	1
The	1
idea	1
looked	1
good,	1
but	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
poorly	1
made.	1
Excellent	1
Product.	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
iPhone	1
now	1
but	1
this	1
product	1
cannot	1
be	1
recommended.	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
Bluetooth	1
office	1
headset	1
at	1
work	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
I	1
bought	1
2	1
of	1
then	1
for	1
xmas	1
presents	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
return	1
them.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
having	1
to	1
by	1
the	1
extended	1
battery	1
which	1
makes	1
an	1
already	1
larger-than-most	1
phone	1
quite	1
stout.Sound	1
quality	1
and	1
call	1
quality	1
has	1
been	1
great.	1
Driver	1
supplied	1
was	1
outdated	1
for	1
XP.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
fairly	1
new	1
(AT&T;)	1
Motorola	1
V3r,	1
and	1
the	1
software	1
works	1
fine.	1
Defective	1
Product.	1
First,	1
you	1
can	1
carry	1
your	1
640	1
in	1
your	1
shirt	1
pocket	1
if	1
you	1
wish	1
(and	1
look	1
extremely	1
nerdy	1
I	1
might	1
add).	1
Worth	1
the	1
money.	1
A	1
month	1
later	1
the	1
speaker	1
went	1
out.	1
Provides	1
quick/easy	1
access	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
mounted	1
on	1
a	1
belt.	1
This	1
does	1
not	1
properly	1
fit	1
a	1
V3c	1
RAZR.	1
So	1
there's	1
that.	1
Back	1
in	1
the	1
box	1
and	1
being	1
returned.	1
It	1
took	1
four	1
calls	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
problem	1
clear	1
to	1
them.	1
Like	1
a	1
glove..	1
Fits	1
the	1
note	1
like	1
a	1
second	1
skin	1
and	1
is	1
aesthetically	1
pleasing	1
to	1
the	1
eyes.I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
to	1
corroborate	1
the	1
other	1
fantastic	1
reviews.	1
About	1
3	1
times	1
a	1
week	1
I	1
reach	1
for	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
see	1
that	1
I've	1
taken	1
anywhere	1
between	1
1-5	1
photos	1
of	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
my	1
pocket.	1
Love	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
the	1
loop	1
at	1
the	1
top	1
cos	1
it	1
means	1
I	1
can	1
hang	1
it	1
round	1
my	1
neck	1
on	1
my	1
medical	1
dog	1
tag	1
chain	1
I	1
wear	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
always	1
on	1
me!	1
I	1
haven't	1
bothered	1
with	1
the	1
mp3	1
player	1
because	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
ipod.The	1
few	1
good	1
things	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
an	1
issue	1
with	1
the	1
phone's	1
camera	1
lens	1
rubbing	1
against	1
the	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
holster	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
open	1
the	1
phone.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
or	1
your	1
time.	1
The	1
cost	1
wasn't	1
too	1
high,	1
so	1
it	1
was	1
worth	1
the	1
chance,	1
but	1
it	1
didn't	1
work	1
out.	1
terrible	1
quality.	1
Worked	1
for	1
32	1
days..	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
from	1
a	1
local	1
retail	1
store.	1
I	1
read	1
that	1
some	1
people	1
had	1
some	1
problems	1
with	1
connectivity,	1
but	1
it	1
works	1
perfectly	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
(Sony	1
Ericsson	1
K800i).	1
I	1
also	1
put	1
a	1
pair	1
on	1
my	1
son's	1
iPod,	1
as	1
he	1
kept	1
losing	1
those	1
little	1
black	1
covers,	1
and	1
they	1
fit	1
fine.	1
The	1
safety	1
in	1
using	1
in	1
car	1
is	1
first	1
rate	1
since	1
no	1
fiddling	1
is	1
neccessary.	1
even	1
if	1
the	1
model	1
numbers	1
match,	1
the	1
plug	1
may	1
not	1
fit	1
properly.	1
Very	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
transaction.	1
When	1
i	1
first	1
bought	1
into	1
bluetooth	1
fone	1
technology	1
i	1
was	1
sold	1
but	1
beware	1
there	1
are	1
drawbacks!	1
Eventually	1
it	1
blew	1
a	1
fuse	1
and	1
I	1
replaced	1
it	1
withScosche	1
Dual	1
USB	1
Car	1
Chargerwhich	1
is	1
far	1
superior	1
in	1
every	1
way.	1
It	1
supress	1
all	1
bass	1
:(	1
Because	1
installation	1
isn't	1
easy	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
pain	1
to	1
return	1
as	1
well,	1
but	1
I	1
did	1
end	1
up	1
shipping	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
amazon.	1
Good	1
thing	1
T-Mobie	1
gives	1
you	1
14	1
days	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
service.	1
This	1
item	1
arrived	1
within	1
the	1
time	1
frame	1
specified	1
and	1
was	1
everything	1
I	1
expected.	1
My	1
head	1
set	1
ALWAYS	1
feels	1
like	1
it	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
fall	1
out.	1
Cash	1
in	1
your	1
daughter's	1
college	1
fund	1
and	1
buy	1
one	1
today!	1
So	1
I	1
can't	1
return	1
it.	1
Nothing	1
chintzy	1
or	1
cheap	1
-	1
it	1
feels	1
solid.	1
They	1
were	1
only	1
$88	1
at	1
Amazon	1
(I	1
love	1
Amazon!	1
So	1
many	1
cases	1
are	1
too	1
large.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
very	1
much	1
but	1
yesterday,	1
June	1
20,	1
it	1
suddenly	1
displayed	1
the	1
message	1
Insert	1
SIM""	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
trying	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
call."	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
disappointed.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for..	1
It	1
seems	1
to	1
create	1
an	1
echo	1
when	1
using	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
phone.	1
Poor	1
sound	1
quality.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
on	1
all	1
my	1
long	1
drives.The	1
only	1
minimal	1
annoyance	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
it	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
volume	1
control	1
is	1
also	1
the	1
"voice-call"	1
button.	1
poor	1
mic	1
volume.	1
Thick	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
durability	1
but	1
makes	1
it	1
impossible	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
case	1
and	1
have	1
no	1
bubbles.	1
Not	1
good	1
for	1
the	1
Palm	1
TX.	1
It	1
is	1
small	1
and	1
doesn't	1
interfere	1
with	1
my	1
earrings.Super	1
buy!	1
Instead	1
I	1
got	1
no	1
service	1
and	1
a	1
$175	1
cancellation	1
fee.	1
Great	1
phone,	1
horrible	1
customer	1
service.	1
Only	1
one	1
said	1
they	1
didn't.	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
I	1
bought,	1
the	1
cord	1
came	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
socket	1
and	1
snapped	1
the	1
wires.	1
i've	1
worn	1
them	1
at	1
work	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
for	1
much	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
i	1
am	1
there.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
have	1
GSM	1
w/	1
AT&T	1
and	1
they	1
SUCKED!	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
one	1
thing	1
and	1
that	1
is	1
breaking.	1
Now	1
pre-paid	1
phones	1
will	1
roam	1
to	1
other	1
networks	1
for	1
the	1
same	1
.10/min.	1
Sound	1
quality,	1
in	1
terms	1
of	1
the	1
speaker,	1
was	1
good,	1
but	1
the	1
microphone	1
picks	1
up	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
background	1
noise.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
problems	1
already	1
noted	1
are	1
true.	1
Plantronic	1
products	1
are	1
of	1
excellent	1
quality.Thank	1
you.	1
I	1
had	1
tried	1
two	1
others	1
Obviously	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
replacement	1
for	1
a	1
better,	1
higher	1
MP,	1
digital	1
camera.The	1
MP3	1
player	1
is	1
very	1
good,	1
though	1
simplistic.	1
i'd	1
wait	1
until	1
the	1
technonogy	1
is	1
better,	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
a	1
real	1
bummer.	1
Clear	1
as	1
a	1
bell	1
--even	1
while	1
driving	1
a	1
convertable!.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
necessarily	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
product,	1
it	1
is	1
simply	1
not	1
what	1
I	1
needed.	1
Besides	1
the	1
bad	1
sound,	1
it	1
adds	1
a	1
hum	1
to	1
the	1
voice.The	1
menu	1
system	1
is	1
extensive	1
and	1
therefore	1
ridiculous	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
just	1
don't	1
think	1
its	1
a	1
5.	1
Maybe	1
I'm	1
rough	1
on	1
them?	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
default	1
setting	1
for	1
picture	1
brightness	1
and	1
there's	1
no	1
need	1
to	1
adjust	1
it	1
before	1
each	1
photo.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
nokia	1
surge	1
and	1
film	1
that	1
is	1
made	1
for	1
it	1
cost	1
so	1
much	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
look	1
elsewhere.	1
Only	1
two	1
devices???.	1
I	1
have	1
one-year	1
contract	1
with	1
T-Mobile	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
live	1
with	1
this	1
scarp	1
phone	1
or	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
Its	1
been	1
replaced	1
once,	1
and	1
the	1
batteries	1
have	1
been	1
replaced	1
as	1
well.	1
Go	1
to	1
Best	1
Buy	1
or	1
Gas	1
Station	1
Market,	1
like	1
Mobile	1
Gas....OH!	1
The	1
end	1
that	1
goes	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
didn't	1
fit	1
my	1
phone.	1
Gets	1
a	1
bit	1
uncomfortable	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
hours,	1
but	1
that's	1
expected.	1
The	1
complete	1
unit	1
is	1
built	1
solid.	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
cheapest	1
place	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
it.My	1
original	1
review	1
was	1
written	1
when	1
i	1
had	1
a	1
different	1
nano	1
that	1
i	1
purchased	1
this	1
for.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
where	1
else	1
to	1
buy	1
batteries	1
as	1
they	1
are	1
special	1
made	1
for	1
the	1
X5	1
only	1
-	1
simply	1
not	1
available!	1
But	1
thats	1
only	1
certain	1
areas,	1
so,	1
all	1
in	1
all,	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
great!	1
If	1
I	1
see	1
gopher	1
damage	1
diminish,	1
maybe	1
I	1
will	1
come	1
back	1
and	1
add	1
a	1
star...	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone.	1
OK	1
Tool,	1
but	1
BREAKS	1
DOWN	1
ALOT.	1
I'll	1
have	1
to	1
look	1
for	1
a	1
different	1
one	1
now.	1
In	1
addition,	1
the	1
plastic	1
covering	1
that	1
protects	1
the	1
charging	1
leads	1
tends	1
to	1
fall	1
of	1
my	1
unit	1
when	1
I	1
place	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
pocket.	1
Absolutely	1
will	1
not	1
charge	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
great.	1
The	1
black	1
and	1
white	1
small	1
diagram	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
this	1
kit	1
is	1
no	1
good.Now	1
don't	1
get	1
me	1
wrong,	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
good.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
believe	1
how	1
much	1
I	1
saved	1
buying	1
this	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
phone	1
online.	1
Now	1
I	1
have	1
protection.LOL	1
The	1
only	1
down	1
fall	1
is	1
the	1
cord	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
short	1
but	1
works	1
great	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
Screen	1
with	1
the	1
USB	1
They	1
kept	1
my	1
order	1
on	1
hold	1
without	1
notifying	1
me	1
for	1
a	1
month,	1
even	1
after	1
so	1
many	1
followups	1
!	1
Won't	1
fit	1
K1m	1
and	1
port	1
is	1
on	1
the	1
wrong	1
side.	1
solid	1
keyboard.	1
Adobe	1
Flash,	1
podcasting,	1
pdf,	1
msword	1
files,	1
wifi,	1
videocalling.	1
not	1
worth	1
buying.	1
Save	1
your	1
couple	1
of	1
bucks	1
and	1
opt	1
for	1
something	1
more	1
protective	1
and	1
less	1
vulnerable	1
to	1
stains.	1
I	1
recently	1
bought	1
the	1
V60c	1
and	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
this	1
holster.	1
Then	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
spazz	1
out	1
and	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
wait	1
5	1
minutes	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
act	1
normal	1
again.The	1
battery	1
is	1
terrible.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
locating	1
a	1
copy	1
of	1
Mobile	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
for	1
use	1
with	1
the	1
RAZR,	1
as	1
this	1
program	1
allows	1
you	1
to	1
sync	1
your	1
address	1
book	1
and	1
calender.	1
I	1
called	1
tech	1
support,	1
they	1
recommended	1
downloading	1
a	1
new	1
version	1
of	1
VZacess,	1
long	1
story	1
short	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
occurred	1
with	1
the	1
new	1
version.	1
I	1
only	1
charged	1
it	1
because	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
really	1
should.Excellent	1
Product!	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
certain	1
amount	1
of	1
confidence	1
in	1
the	1
reliability	1
of	1
the	1
services	1
offered	1
by	1
my	1
phone.4.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
to	1
attach	1
something	1
that	1
is	1
2'	1
away	1
then	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
for	1
you.	1
Why	1
all	1
the	1
bad	1
reviews?.	1
Also,	1
the	1
case	1
does	1
not	1
provide	1
any	1
protection	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
part	1
(the	1
upper	1
wing	1
when	1
unfolded)	1
at	1
all.	1
Not	1
the	1
case	1
here.	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
replacement	1
headphone	1
and	1
it	1
also	1
developed	1
a	1
crack	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
week	1
even	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
be	1
careful	1
when	1
handling	1
it.	1
Tough	1
Little	1
Phone.	1
the	1
only	1
good	1
thing	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
about	1
this	1
item	1
was	1
the	1
color.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
far	1
inferior	1
service	1
to	1
all	1
other	1
major	1
manufacturers	1
(LG,	1
Nokia,	1
Samsung)	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
service	1
(same	1
sim	1
card).	1
It	1
was	1
in	1
new	1
unopened	1
package	1
and	1
works	1
perfectly	1
The	1
volume	1
doesn't	1
go	1
up	1
very	1
high	1
so	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
any	1
hearing	1
problems	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
for	1
you.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Taking	1
care	1
of	1
the	1
little	1
things	1
like	1
this	1
just	1
makes	1
life	1
easier.	1
The	1
big	1
blue	1
lights	1
on	1
the	1
sides	1
really	1
want	1
to	1
flash.	1
In	1
both	1
cases,	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
the	1
other	1
party	1
at	1
a	1
decent	1
volume.	1
Static	1
Transmitter.	1
I've	1
tried	1
it	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
with	1
a	1
few	1
other	1
samsung	1
downloads	1
too	1
and	1
nothing	1
works.	1
Overall	1
very	1
pleased.	1
This	1
product	1
was	1
a	1
poor	1
one.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
nice	1
bells	1
and	1
whistles,	1
but	1
they	1
don't	1
mean	1
much	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
so	1
damn	1
unreliable.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
battery	1
with	1
a	1
Nokia	1
phone.	1
Now	1
parents,	1
PLEASE,	1
save	1
your	1
preteens	1
and	1
teens	1
some	1
angst-	1
buy	1
them	1
a	1
normal	1
cell	1
phone!	1
It	1
has	1
adjustable	1
volume	1
controls	1
for	1
speaking	1
and	1
listening.	1
And	1
the	1
slight	1
bulge	1
with	1
the	1
required	1
case	1
cover	1
is	1
not	1
so	1
obtrusive,	1
unless	1
you	1
are	1
a	1
sleek	1
slim	1
appearance	1
nutcase.	1
The	1
sound	1
would	1
continually	1
cut	1
out,	1
and	1
a	1
conversation	1
was	1
possible.	1
An	1
exact	1
copy	1
of	1
the	1
extra	1
cap	1
battery	1
I	1
bought	1
with	1
my	1
timeport	1
two	1
years	1
ago.	1
That's	1
right,	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
use	1
up	1
the	1
$10	1
(which	1
actually	1
isn't	1
hard	1
at	1
the	1
high	1
rate	1
t-mobile	1
is	1
charging),	1
after	1
two	1
weeks	1
it's	1
useless.	1
good	1
product.	1
Would	1
buy	1
again.	1
I	1
suppose	1
it's	1
Amazons	1
fault	1
for	1
pairing	1
it	1
the	1
the	1
Skyfi2	1
cradle.	1
Phone	1
and	1
Carrier	1
are	1
terrible.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
unit,	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
excited	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
700.	1
If	1
you	1
purchase	1
this	1
cover	1
for	1
the	1
LG	1
Chocolate,	1
you'll	1
likely	1
be	1
disappointed.	1
Very	1
fast	1
shipping.	1
Aside	1
from	1
that,	1
exactly	1
as	1
described,	1
completely	1
meeting	1
my	1
expectations.	1
The	1
510	1
has	1
enough	1
volume	1
that	1
I	1
usually	1
set	1
it	1
at	1
about	1
60%	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excelent.	1
I	1
DID	1
not	1
get	1
what	1
I	1
ordered.	1
Let's	1
face	1
it,	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
lots	1
of	1
toys	1
isn't	1
always	1
a	1
bad	1
thing.Any	1
way,	1
let's	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
returned	1
this	1
headset	1
even	1
before	1
I	1
got	1
to	1
use	1
it!	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
way	1
it	1
resembles	1
my	1
Razr	1
phone.	1
not	1
that	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
item.	1
(Over	1
buying	1
a	1
car	1
charger	1
for	1
each)	1
Why	1
you	1
wouldn't	1
buy	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
beyond	1
me.	1
Dead	1
in	1
24	1
hours.	1
it	1
looks	1
cool	1
and	1
it's	1
nice	1
but	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
an	1
elephant	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
look	1
right	1
on	1
your	1
ear.	1
Product	1
was	1
easy	1
to	1
install.	1
Another	1
pleasant	1
surprise	1
that	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
expect	1
was	1
the	1
length	1
of	1
time	1
between	1
charges.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
basic	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Gen	1
2	1
Nano	1
and	1
it	1
worked	1
great.	1
So	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
product	1
at	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
from	1
Amazon	1
for	1
about	1
$80	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
month.	1
The	1
lcd	1
display	1
is	1
cute,	1
but	1
not	1
very	1
useful.	1
The	1
second	1
reported	1
problem	1
is	1
with	1
very	1
limited	1
range.	1
Great	1
equipment.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
on	1
the	1
headset	1
I	1
received	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
in	1
the	1
picture.	1
My	1
phone	1
was	1
inferior	1
to	1
the	1
E815	1
in	1
these	1
very	1
core	1
important	1
issues.	1
Not	1
recommended	1
I	1
will	1
never	1
purchase	1
a	1
motorola	1
product	1
again	1
with	1
out	1
doing	1
this	1
type	1
of	1
research.	1
You	1
can	1
add	1
up	1
to	1
3	1
pop	1
3	1
accounts.	1
Trying	1
to	1
get	1
something	1
cheap...I	1
guess	1
thats	1
what	1
it	1
gets	1
me...something	1
cheap.	1
I	1
thought	1
my	1
Motorola	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
could	1
be	1
improved	1
upon	1
so	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
in	1
the	1
hopes	1
that	1
the	1
noise	1
canceling	1
qualities	1
would	1
be	1
better.	1
The	1
975	1
didn't	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
volume	1
level	1
as	1
the	1
others,	1
and	1
yes	1
I	1
might	1
want	1
more	1
volume	1
than	1
most	1
anyway.	1
Do	1
yourself	1
a	1
favor	1
and	1
get	1
this	1
-	1
you	1
wont	1
be	1
disappointed!!!!	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
since	1
three	1
years	1
ago,	1
the	1
reason	1
i	1
got	1
it	1
cause	1
is	1
free.	1
The	1
earhook	1
on	1
the	1
Samsung	1
WEP200	1
is	1
made	1
of	1
cheap	1
plastic.	1
Fits	1
the	1
Palm	1
Centro	1
well	1
-	1
highly	1
recommended.	1
The	1
earmuffs	1
fit	1
comfortably	1
and	1
seal	1
over	1
the	1
headset	1
with	1
just	1
the	1
boom	1
protruding.	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
difficult	1
to	1
believe	1
some	1
of	1
these	1
reviewers	1
are	1
getting	1
the	1
range	1
they	1
claim.	1
I	1
sent	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
back	1
to	1
motorola	1
and	1
they	1
sent	1
another	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
just	1
as	1
bad.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
huge	1
fan	1
of	1
leopard	1
or	1
anything	1
animal	1
print,	1
so	1
this	1
is	1
definately	1
a	1
good	1
buy.	1
I	1
actually	1
prefer	1
the	1
bottom	1
end	1
Motorola	1
blue-tooth	1
device	1
that	1
came	1
in	1
the	1
package	1
deal	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
Both	1
of	1
mine	1
are	1
good,	1
and	1
they	1
definitely	1
beat	1
paying	1
full	1
price	1
for	1
a	1
retail	1
replacement.	1
And	1
the	1
sound?	1
To	1
sum	1
it	1
up	1
I	1
called	1
my	1
86	1
year	1
old	1
mother	1
who	1
can't	1
hear	1
well	1
from	1
the	1
car	1
in	1
the	1
pouring	1
rain	1
and	1
she	1
says	1
"I	1
hear	1
you	1
great".	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
low	1
and	1
delivery	1
quick.	1
Very	1
Good	1
Phone,	1
A	1
few	1
Drawbacks.	1
these	1
things	1
will	1
work	1
to	1
protect	1
the	1
screen	1
but	1
will	1
fill	1
up	1
with	1
scratches	1
very	1
very	1
fast	1
which	1
is	1
probably	1
why	1
they	1
give	1
you	1
five	1
sheets.	1
So	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
up	1
there	1
with	1
the	1
other	1
big	1
players.	1
So,	1
be	1
sure	1
to	1
call	1
"customer	1
service	1
hell"	1
and	1
make	1
sure	1
that	1
they	1
credit	1
your	1
account	1
for	1
the	1
days	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
in	1
delivery.	1
I	1
recently	1
purchased	1
my	1
first	1
touchscreen	1
tablet,	1
the	1
Kindle	1
Fire	1
HD	1
and	1
love	1
it.	1
I	1
tried	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
with	1
my	1
laptop	1
for	1
my	1
VOIP	1
phone	1
and	1
nothing	1
worked.	1
Wonderful.	1
Excellent...Excellent	1
phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	1
This	1
earpiece	1
was	1
the	1
WORST	1
EVER!First	1
the	1
ear	1
loop	1
is	1
very	1
stiff	1
trying	1
to	1
open.	1
After	1
reading	1
all	1
reviews	1
from	1
this	1
site	1
and	1
many	1
other	1
sites.	1
It	1
fits	1
comfortably	1
under	1
my	1
bike	1
helmet.	1
So	1
with	1
the	1
trusty	1
help	1
of	1
Google,	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
find	1
the	1
actual	1
customer	1
service	1
number	1
and	1
reported	1
my	1
problem.	1
We	1
expect	1
the	1
same	1
from	1
whatever	1
would	1
carry	1
our	1
cellphone.I'd	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
holster	1
again	1
and	1
cannot	1
recommend	1
it.	1
I	1
called	1
Ace	1
Digital	1
and	1
learned	1
that	1
the	1
dark	1
blue	1
models	1
are	1
out	1
of	1
stock.	1
Mac	1
and	1
Bluetooth.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
Boxwave	1
case	1
I've	1
purchased	1
for	1
my	1
Galaxy	1
Note	1
2.	1
!At	1
this	1
point,	1
I'm	1
in	1
awe	1
of	1
their	1
total	1
incompetance.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
to	1
an	1
AT&T;	1
store	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
SIM	1
card.	1
This	1
displayed	1
whether	1
I	1
would	1
turn	1
it	1
off	1
and	1
back	1
on	1
or	1
not.	1
Has	1
made	1
my	1
ipaq	1
6315	1
much	1
more	1
usable	1
as	1
a	1
phone.	1
Text	1
messaging	1
with	1
nextel	1
is	1
next	1
to	1
impossible.	1
The	1
speaker	1
volume	1
is	1
very	1
low.	1
It	1
was	1
the	1
most	1
confortable	1
fitting	1
ear	1
piece	1
thus	1
far	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
a	1
few	1
different	1
ones.	1
Large	1
memory	1
capacity,	1
including	1
micro	1
SD	1
memory	1
expansion,	1
which	1
can	1
store	1
lots	1
of	1
pictures,	1
video	1
and	1
games.10.	1
The	1
service	1
was	1
very	1
fast	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
is	1
top	1
notch.	1
They	1
walked	1
me	1
through	1
all	1
the	1
controls	1
but	1
still	1
could	1
not	1
eliminate	1
the	1
'wind'	1
sound.	1
This	1
battery	1
is	1
a	1
RIP	1
OFF.	1
in	1
my	1
situation,	1
the	1
silicone	1
case	1
was	1
too	1
gripping,	1
and	1
i	1
made	1
it	1
difficult	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
my	1
belt	1
holster,	1
so	1
i	1
had	1
to	1
take	1
the	1
case	1
off.	1
any	1
type	1
of	1
normal	1
use	1
can	1
easily	1
crack	1
the	1
hinge	1
and	1
of	1
course	1
the	1
manufacturer	1
blames	1
it	1
on	1
usage.	1
First	1
bluetooth,	1
very	1
happy.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
being	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
iteself.	1
But	1
the	1
hissing	1
and	1
crackling	1
were	1
unacceptable.	1
BAD	1
customer	1
service.	1
I'M	1
HAPPY	1
I	1
CAME	1
HERE	1
TO	1
PURCHASE	1
THIS	1
ITEM.	1
If	1
some	1
one	1
can	1
contect	1
me	1
that	1
would	1
be	1
great	1
thank	1
you.	1
The	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
mike	1
boom	1
also	1
acts	1
as	1
an	1
on/off	1
switch	1
is	1
great,	1
as	1
it	1
tends	1
to	1
conserve	1
battery	1
life.	1
I	1
tend	1
to	1
get	1
about	1
24-30	1
hours	1
in	1
standby	1
and	1
usually	1
less	1
than	1
1	1
hour	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
To	1
my	1
dismay,	1
my	1
wife	1
could	1
not	1
hear	1
me	1
on	1
her	1
end.	1
Great	1
case.	1
Very	1
good	1
-	1
comfortable	1
heatset.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
gift	1
for	1
a	1
coworkers	1
how	1
always	1
needs	1
to	1
charger	1
their	1
battery	1
but	1
never	1
has	1
a	1
charger.	1
Not	1
real	1
handy	1
when	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
quickly	1
capture	1
a	1
fleeting	1
moment.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
product,	1
very-very	1
resistant	1
strong	1
plastic	1
a	1
relly	1
good	1
shoping	1
with	1
nice	1
price.	1
Great	1
looking	1
case!!.	1
I	1
originally	1
reviewed	1
this	1
before	1
I	1
bought	1
my	1
Pebl.	1
He	1
used	1
them	1
while	1
running.	1
Like	1
I	1
said,	1
some	1
people	1
say	1
I	1
sound	1
a	1
bit	1
tinny,	1
but	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
fine	1
with	1
it.	1
The	1
wired	1
headset	1
that	1
came	1
w/	1
the	1
phone	1
does	1
a	1
better	1
job	1
with	1
voice	1
recognition.	1
Easy	1
and	1
quick	1
to	1
set-up	1
and	1
you	1
only	1
have	1
to	1
recharge	1
about	1
once	1
a	1
month	1
if	1
you	1
leave	1
it	1
on	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
used	1
a	1
headset	1
before	1
in	1
my	1
life,	1
but	1
my	1
ex	1
husband	1
has	1
and	1
he	1
loved	1
this	1
one	1
as	1
well.	1
This	1
finally	1
resolved	1
my	1
issue.The	1
long	1
and	1
short	1
of	1
it	1
is	1
this	1
Called	1
again,	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
to	1
go	1
deal	1
with	1
AT&T;	1
(even	1
though	1
Amazon	1
has	1
the	1
SIM	1
cards	1
for	1
their	1
contracts).	1
can	1
anyone	1
else	1
do	1
that	1
with	1
there	1
phone	1
because	1
i	1
cant	1
on	1
mine...	1
The	1
overall	1
rate	1
for	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
stunning	1
61.3%*!	1
droped	1
my	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
floor	1
then	1
it	1
broke.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
plug-and-play	1
device.My	1
advice	1
for	1
casual	1
Skype	1
users,	1
either	1
get	1
a	1
wired	1
headset,	1
or	1
a	1
dedicated	1
wireless	1
VOIP/Skype	1
handset.	1
Volume	1
controls	1
could	1
be	1
better	1
but	1
it's	1
still	1
a	1
great	1
accessory.	1
Made	1
of	1
poor	1
quality.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
HUGE	1
phone	1
that	1
does	1
a	1
lot	1
more	1
than	1
just	1
a	1
normal	1
phone.	1
Best	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
Review	1
of	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
Leather	1
Case	1
with	1
Clip.	1
Volume	1
is	1
marginal	1
-	1
OK	1
for	1
quiet	1
locations	1
but	1
not	1
for	1
stores,	1
airports,	1
etc.4.	1
Take	1
5	1
steps	1
backwards	1
to	1
move	1
1	1
step	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
way	1
to	1
describe	1
it.4.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
paid	1
more	1
attention	1
to	1
the	1
reviews.	1
its	1
pretty	1
and	1
preppy	1
and	1
just	1
a	1
must	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
dull	1
looking	1
PDA	1
look	1
fantastic!	1
DO	1
NOT	1
ORDER	1
THIS	1
PRODUCT.	1
They	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
second	1
one	1
saying	1
that	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
bought	1
was	1
defective	1
but	1
the	1
second	1
one	1
ended	1
up	1
being	1
"defective"	1
as	1
well?	1
Item	1
not	1
as	1
it	1
seems.	1
I	1
backed	1
up	1
my	1
phone	1
book	1
on	1
to	1
my	1
computer	1
a	1
few	1
times.	1
Overall	1
I	1
would	1
say	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
product	1
and	1
would	1
buy	1
it	1
again.	1
Excellent	1
sound	1
quality	1
for	1
Mp3	1
use.	1
Can	1
be	1
worn	1
with	1
behind	1
the	1
ear	1
"hook"	1
or	1
in	1
your	1
ear	1
"loop".	1
Used	1
(Refurbished)	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
told!.	1
Well,	1
a	1
small	1
one	1
because	1
at	1
the	1
price	1
we	1
paid	1
we	1
had	1
no	1
big	1
expectations.	1
Motorola	1
HS850	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
Review.	1
General	1
flakiness.I	1
configured	1
my	1
Gmail	1
account	1
and	1
started	1
to	1
get	1
"some"	1
email.	1
Again	1
and	1
again.Downloaded	1
the	1
new	1
software.	1
buying	1
this	1
phone	1
involves	1
signing	1
a	1
contract	1
with	1
tmobile	1
for	1
an	1
additional	1
line	1
of	1
service.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY!!	1
THE	1
PHONE	1
DID	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
IN	1
MY	1
AREA	1
AND	1
I	1
CANCELLED	1
THE	1
NEXT	1
DAY.	1
If	1
anything	1
happened,	1
I	1
would	1
purchase	1
another	1
unit	1
immediately.	1
I	1
lost	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Bluetooth	1
-	1
Thank	1
Goodness,	1
and	1
the	1
510	1
replaces	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
experimented	1
with	1
AT&amp;T,	1
Cingular,	1
TMobile,	1
Sprint,	1
Verizon,	1
and	1
Nextel.	1
Trust	1
me,	1
there	1
is	1
room	1
for	1
it.	1
I	1
see	1
an	1
adapter	1
with	1
3	1
lines	1
just	1
like	1
my	1
headphones	1
with	1
mic.	1
Almost	1
perfect.	1
I	1
also	1
purchased	1
this	1
because	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
car	1
charger	1
that	1
did	1
not	1
trquire	1
the	1
adapter.	1
Would	1
difinately	1
recommendthis	1
item	1
to	1
everyone.	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
this	1
cover	1
because	1
it	1
falls	1
off	1
of	1
whatever	1
you've	1
clipped	1
it	1
to,	1
and	1
the	1
case	1
also	1
falls	1
off	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
very	1
easily.	1
we'll	1
see	1
if	1
the	1
dropped	1
calls	1
stops.	1
It	1
did	1
the	1
job,	1
but	1
the	1
earpiece	1
was	1
too	1
big	1
for	1
my	1
ear,	1
wouldn't	1
fit,	1
and	1
the	1
button	1
combination	1
for	1
the	1
switching	1
was	1
a	1
bit	1
hard	1
to	1
accomplish.	1
This	1
is	1
nice	1
because	1
it	1
enable	1
quick	1
replies	1
to	1
text	1
messages.	1
During	1
my	1
5	1
year	1
marriage	1
w/	1
Sprint,	1
I	1
had	1
never	1
had	1
so	1
many	1
dropped	1
calls	1
as	1
I	1
had	1
in	1
that	1
two	1
week	1
time	1
frame.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
It	1
is	1
quite	1
lightweight	1
and	1
would	1
be	1
easy	1
to	1
forget	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
it	1
on.	1
Works	1
well...	1
But..	1
I	1
recently	1
bought	1
this	1
converter	1
to	1
run	1
a	1
solid	1
state	1
cooler.	1
Fantastic...for	1
what	1
it	1
is!.	1
Indoors,	1
the	1
range	1
is	1
good.	1
It	1
simply	1
fails	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
of	1
use.	1
I	1
liked	1
the	1
protection	1
it	1
gave	1
my	1
phone,	1
but	1
the	1
little	1
side	1
tabs	1
cracked	1
off.	1
If	1
you	1
dislike	1
the	1
ringtones	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
your	1
phone,	1
you	1
can	1
download	1
a	1
standard	1
ring	1
from	1
t-zones-	1
it	1
will	1
cost	1
$1.49.	1
(Battery	1
=	1
$25+,	1
phone	1
$18	1
upgrade).	1
Excellent	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
I	1
have	1
two	1
friends	1
who	1
had	1
the	1
EXACT	1
same	1
experience.	1
It's	1
useless,	1
doesn't	1
work..	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
one.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
case	1
pouch	1
for	1
a	1
Nokia	1
E62	1
cell	1
phone	1
that	1
i	1
had	1
purchased,	1
but	1
the	1
pouch	1
did	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
E62.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
store	1
more	1
than	1
1	1
phone	1
number	1
for	1
the	1
same	1
person(e.g.	1
its	1
ok,	1
not	1
great.	1
Big	1
hands	1
and	1
not-so-sensitive	1
hearing	1
are	1
two	1
big	1
reasons	1
to	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
phone.	1
It	1
feels	1
a	1
little	1
loose	1
on	1
my	1
ear,	1
but	1
hasnt	1
fallen	1
off	1
yet.	1
But	1
thats	1
fine	1
with	1
me	1
because	1
thats	1
all	1
i	1
wanted	1
was	1
a	1
spare	1
charger,	1
so	1
i	1
am	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
car	1
chargwer.	1
Switched	1
service	1
and	1
am	1
not	1
looking	1
back.	1
Thank	1
god..	1
I	1
expected	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
work	1
perfectly	1
atleast	1
for	1
a	1
year,	1
now	1
I	1
am	1
left	1
wondering	1
how	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
replacement.	1
The	1
mini	1
one	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
lasts	1
about	1
24-36	1
hours	1
making	1
as	1
few	1
as	1
3	1
or	1
4	1
short	1
(5	1
mins	1
or	1
less)	1
calls.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
3	1
days	1
ago.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
mediocre	1
at	1
best.	1
This	1
makes	1
it	1
nearly	1
impossible	1
to	1
see	1
what	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
at	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
when	1
outside	1
in	1
sunlight.	1
Cuts	1
down	1
on	1
the	1
amount	1
of	1
chargers	1
laying	1
around	1
I	1
hope	1
it	1
last	1
longer	1
than	1
the	1
original	1
one.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
browser	1
available	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
through	1
NET	1
10	1
although	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
fully	1
capable.	1
Verizon's	1
network	1
is	1
more	1
reliable	1
than	1
most,	1
and	1
this	1
phone	1
seems	1
to	1
get	1
better	1
reception	1
than	1
other	1
LG	1
and	1
Motorola	1
models	1
I've	1
owned	1
in	1
the	1
past.	1
There	1
is	1
not	1
excuse	1
for	1
this	1
as	1
Amazon	1
has	1
been	1
told	1
many	1
times	1
by	1
Wilson	1
Electronics	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
sending	1
customers	1
the	1
wrong	1
product.	1
I	1
also	1
got	1
a	1
second	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
daughter	1
who	1
seems	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
He	1
said	1
buy	1
it,	1
upgrade	1
it	1
and	1
you'll	1
be	1
good	1
to	1
go	1
for	1
syncing	1
contacts	1
and	1
calendar.	1
Do	1
not	1
recomend.	1
Exactly	1
what	1
you	1
would	1
expect	1
(in	1
a	1
good	1
way).	1
Super	1
bargain!	1
I	1
work	1
in	1
an	1
office,	1
and	1
take	1
care	1
of	1
my	1
stuff.	1
Buyer	1
be	1
ware	1
Or	1
you'll	1
be	1
very	1
sorry.	1
Can't	1
say	1
enough	1
about	1
this	1
product.	1
This	1
product	1
does	1
not	1
perform.	1
When	1
I	1
turned	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
external	1
screen	1
was	1
all	1
jumbled	1
with	1
lines	1
running	1
across	1
it	1
and	1
a	1
big	1
black	1
spot.	1
I	1
guess	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.The	1
battery	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
very	1
well,	1
except	1
when	1
you	1
make	1
a	1
phone	1
call.	1
It's	1
nice	1
to	1
not	1
have	1
to	1
hold	1
the	1
phone	1
the	1
entire	1
time.	1
Average	1
quality	1
camera	1
for	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.5.	1
Overall,	1
my	1
experience	1
with	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
positive.	1
Received	1
battery	1
tried	1
charging	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
didn't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
from	1
get	1
go.Order	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
from	1
Cell	1
lounge,	1
charged	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
working	1
great.	1
Included	1
accessories.	1
This	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
worst	1
headsets	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
used.	1
Beyond	1
that,	1
it'd	1
suffer	1
from	1
the	1
same	1
problem	1
as	1
many	1
others	1
on	1
the	1
market,	1
i.e.,	1
too	1
expensive.	1
Yes,	1
it's	1
only	1
$4.45,	1
but	1
it's	1
$4.45	1
you	1
will	1
throw	1
down	1
the	1
drain	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
i'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
h500.	1
I	1
was	1
amazed	1
at	1
the	1
cost	1
on	1
this	1
car	1
charger.	1
So	1
the	1
phone	1
comes	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
holster	1
easily.	1
There	1
are	1
tons	1
more	1
out	1
there	1
to	1
choose	1
from!	1
Hands-free	1
earbud	1
falls	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
ear	1
(never	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
any	1
other	1
earbuds)3.	1
Exactly	1
what	1
I	1
needed.	1
All	1
the	1
ports	1
and	1
buttons	1
line	1
up.	1
Even	1
when	1
it	1
is	1
fitted	1
properly,	1
the	1
majority	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
the	1
"Noise	1
Shield"	1
blocks	1
the	1
sound	1
of	1
my	1
voice,	1
along	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
background	1
noise.	1
They're	1
only	1
5	1
bucks.	1
Very	1
Disappointed!.	1
Does	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
do	1
--	1
for	1
listening	1
only.	1
The	1
camera	1
while	1
not	1
great,	1
is	1
still	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
fun.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
buying	1
them.	1
I	1
constantly	1
have	1
people	1
come	1
over	1
and	1
ask	1
about	1
it.	1
Like	1
other	1
reviewers	1
have	1
mentioned,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
very	1
snugly	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
China	1
doing	1
its	1
very	1
best	1
with	1
its	1
products	1
to	1
cripple	1
the	1
USA	1
image	1
as	1
usual.	1
it's	1
like	1
talking	1
with	1
two	1
tin	1
cans	1
and	1
a	1
string.	1
couldn't	1
get	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
inside	1
the	1
case.	1
i've	1
gotten	1
so	1
many	1
compliments	1
and	1
questions	1
about	1
it.	1
Waiting	1
on	1
their	1
response	1
in	1
the	1
matter!	1
Just	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for,	1
small,	1
fits	1
my	1
ear	1
(without	1
the	1
over	1
ear	1
hook),	1
and	1
comes	1
in	1
loud	1
and	1
clear.	1
It	1
defeats	1
the	1
purpose	1
for	1
which	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
-	1
safety!	1
I	1
want	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
be	1
silent	1
when	1
I'm	1
at	1
work.	1
This	1
is	1
junk.	1
The	1
cord	1
is	1
too	1
short.	1
TERRIBLE	1
PRODUCTAND	1
TO	1
COSTLY	1
TO	1
SEND	1
BACK.	1
My	1
iPod	1
and	1
USB	1
retractable	1
cables	1
have	1
lasted.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
motorola	1
phone.	1
great	1
price,	1
simple,	1
and	1
very	1
useful!.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
headset	1
for	1
x-box	1
live	1
i	1
would	1
recomend	1
it,	1
however	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
call	1
answer/end	1
feature	1
on	1
the	1
cord.	1
and	1
Did	1
not	1
charge	1
my	1
cell.Thanks	1
Didn't	1
Fit.	1
It	1
has	1
very	1
stylish	1
looks	1
with	1
the	1
blue	1
and	1
silver.	1
There	1
are	1
other	1
accessories	1
that	1
come	1
with	1
this	1
mobile	1
phone	1
but	1
they,	1
of	1
course,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
purchase	1
separately.	1
The	1
item	1
is	1
as	1
advertised.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
items	1
like	1
this	1
without	1
their	1
original	1
packaging!	1
i	1
think	1
you	1
had	1
better	1
check	1
what	1
can	1
and	1
cannot	1
be	1
sent	1
overseas	1
and	1
make	1
it	1
CLEAR	1
on	1
the	1
items	1
you	1
are	1
selling.	1
I	1
am	1
appalled	1
that	1
Blackberry	1
would	1
release	1
a	1
product	1
this	1
expensive	1
without	1
doing	1
thorough	1
quality	1
assurance	1
testing.	1
This	1
kept	1
going	1
on	1
for	1
ten	1
minutes	1
until	1
I	1
just	1
took	1
it	1
out	1
and	1
resumed	1
using	1
my	1
old	1
one.	1
Excellent	1
Product.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
could	1
send	1
it	1
back	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
$75	1
of	1
wasted	1
money.	1
But	1
the	1
volume	1
doesn't	1
go	1
high	1
enough.	1
Works	1
great	1
with	1
Treo	1
700wx,	1
PS3.	1
I	1
noticed	1
this	1
while	1
waiting	1
at	1
the	1
tech	1
support	1
counter	1
for	1
my	1
address	1
book	1
to	1
be	1
transferred.Oh	1
yeah,	1
forget	1
the	1
1.2	1
megapixel	1
camera!	1
As	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
fact,	1
I	1
couldn't	1
even	1
get	1
the	1
clip	1
closed	1
until	1
I	1
spent	1
about	1
10	1
minutes	1
flexing	1
the	1
leather	1
and	1
the	1
strap.	1
good	1
value	1
pack.	1
The	1
fitting	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
goes	1
around	1
and	1
under	1
the	1
ear,	1
holding	1
firmly,	1
but	1
not	1
interfering	1
with	1
your	1
glasses!	1
Think	1
that	1
people	1
you	1
call	1
will	1
be	1
hard	1
pressed	1
to	1
know	1
you're	1
on	1
a	1
headset.	1
I	1
order	1
this	1
battery	1
by	1
this	1
picture	1
but	1
a	1
got	1
a	1
different	1
oneAccessoryOne	1
bad	1
service.	1
More	1
importantly,	1
the	1
charging	1
tip	1
is	1
different	1
from	1
the	1
real	1
thing.	1
mine	1
dropped	1
and	1
after	1
that	1
it	1
never	1
worked	1
the	1
same	1
again.	1
I	1
recently	1
got	1
the	1
Samsung	1
Captivate	1
and	1
have	1
been	1
looking	1
all	1
over	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
case.	1
We	1
roam	1
around	1
the	1
house	1
with	1
no	1
problems.	1
I'd	1
personally	1
suggest	1
buying	1
a	1
4	1
Gig	1
Mini	1
SD	1
card;	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
sounds	1
like	1
alot	1
but	1
you	1
can	1
store	1
some	1
video	1
on	1
it	1
that	1
way.	1
The	1
car	1
charger	1
fit	1
but	1
the	1
wall	1
charger	1
didn't.	1
It's	1
very	1
cool	1
and	1
confortable	1
and	1
the	1
best	1
thing	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
didn't	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
an	1
Ipod,	1
hehe.	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
mount	1
that	1
can	1
only	1
be	1
used	1
in	1
a	1
90-degree	1
angle	1
windshield.	1
fine	1
for	1
what	1
it	1
is.	1
Bought	1
this	1
as	1
a	1
combination	1
Deal	1
with	1
an	1
XM	1
Skifi2	1
cradle.	1
I	1
prefer	1
techno	1
since	1
im	1
in	1
my	1
20's.	1
Better	1
yet,	1
the	1
ring	1
tones	1
comes	1
out	1
in	1
a	1
full	1
stereo	1
mode	1
(or	1
at	1
least	1
sounds	1
like	1
it).5)Camera	1
is	1
good	1
(2MP).	1
Great	1
product.	1
The	1
reversible	1
cable	1
is	1
well	1
done.	1
But	1
I've	1
already	1
experienced	1
enough	1
to	1
be	1
frustrated.Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
extremely	1
poor	1
compared	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
(and	1
much	1
cheaper!)	1
I	1
had	1
lots	1
of	1
frustration.Maybe	1
it	1
only	1
fits	1
a	1
certain	1
size	1
ear,	1
although	1
I	1
think	1
mine	1
is	1
fairly	1
average	1
for	1
an	1
adult.	1
Very	1
nice	1
phone.	1
Totally	1
worth	1
the	1
two	1
dollars.	1
Nothing	1
more	1
frightening	1
than	1
having	1
my	1
phone	1
drop	1
and	1
breaking!	1
The	1
battery	1
doesn't	1
stay	1
as	1
mentioned	1
in	1
specification.	1
After	1
reading	1
through	1
some	1
reviews,	1
it	1
seemed	1
that	1
there	1
was	1
a	1
batch	1
of	1
lemons	1
out	1
there,	1
so	1
I	1
gave	1
this	1
headset	1
another	1
shot.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
pleasant	1
surprise	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
traveling	1
from	1
St.	1
No	1
chargers,no	1
batteries,ESN	1
number	1
written	1
in	1
pen	1
inside	1
the	1
phone.	1
Well	1
worth	1
buying!	1
Good	1
value!.	1
I	1
did	1
a	1
little	1
research	1
on	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
am	1
very	1
familiar	1
with	1
the	1
plantronics	1
brand.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
battery	1
because	1
my	1
battery	1
constantly	1
died	1
due	1
to	1
old	1
age.	1
This	1
unit	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
ear	1
well	1
nor	1
stay	1
on,	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
it,	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money	1
for	1
me.	1
If	1
I	1
pick	1
my	1
phone	1
up	1
and	1
hold	1
it	1
straight	1
out	1
from	1
my	1
face	1
the	1
reception	1
is	1
very	1
good.	1
I	1
had	1
problems	1
not	1
hearing	1
clearly	1
any	1
phone	1
calls.	1
Also,	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
find	1
any	1
after	1
market	1
software	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
work.	1
Good	1
tactile	1
keypad	1
feel	1
and	1
entirely	1
adequate	1
screen.	1
Never,	1
ever,	1
ever	1
buy	1
this	1
product	1
-	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
even	1
pay	1
a	1
dollar	1
for	1
it.	1
The	1
notification	1
sound	1
is	1
ok,	1
and	1
can	1
be	1
changed,	1
but	1
the	1
VC	1
announcemenet	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
issue.3.	1
Little	1
bits	1
of	1
plastic	1
can	1
chip	1
off	1
the	1
ends.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
so	1
far	1
is	1
good,	1
the	1
build	1
quality	1
is	1
good.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
an	1
inexpensive	1
phone	1
that	1
will	1
do	1
VERY	1
little	1
other	1
than	1
make/receive	1
calls,	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
adequate.	1
Until	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
adapter,	1
I	1
thought	1
my	1
ipod	1
only	1
played	1
on	1
my	1
front	1
speakers	1
in	1
my	1
car.	1
Works	1
with	1
Cingular	1
Blue/AT&T!.	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
an	1
area	1
that	1
T-Mobile	1
and	1
Sprint	1
can	1
not	1
or	1
barely	1
get	1
reception.	1
Works	1
great	1
and	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
handy	1
doo-dad	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
attached	1
to	1
your	1
phone.	1
But	1
if	1
I	1
can	1
get	1
signal	1
leaning	1
over	1
the	1
windows,	1
won't	1
this	1
thing	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
increase	1
it?	1
Previously	1
I	1
had	1
Nokia	1
and	1
Samsung	1
phones	1
they	1
were	1
simply	1
excellent.	1
I	1
love	1
virgin	1
mobile	1
and	1
bought	1
the	1
Wildcard	1
and	1
love	1
it.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
device	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
expecting	1
a	1
digital	1
camera	1
or	1
a	1
mini-laptop.	1
Once	1
you're	1
back	1
in	1
range,	1
the	1
LED	1
stops	1
blinking.I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
OEM	1
states	1
to	1
contact	1
the	1
manufacturer.	1
The	1
seller	1
sent	1
a	1
dead	1
battery,	1
and	1
called	1
his	1
voicemail,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
full,	1
seller	1
name	1
is	1
"VIBE	1
CELLULAR"	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
almost	1
two	1
years,	1
and	1
I've	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
it.	1
Had	1
to	1
mark	1
it	1
down	1
though	1
since	1
the	1
up/down	1
volume	1
button	1
was	1
hard	1
to	1
locate	1
while	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
Not	1
the	1
fault	1
of	1
the	1
BT8010	1
I	1
know,	1
but	1
just	1
thought	1
I'd	1
vent	1
for	1
an	1
extra	1
moment.Maybe	1
Bluetooth	1
just	1
isn't	1
where	1
I	1
had	1
hoped	1
it	1
was.	1
A	1
Must	1
Have.	1
Limited/no	1
support	1
available.	1
One	1
quick	1
solution	1
would	1
be	1
to	1
tie	1
BT	1
headset	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
volume	1
setting	1
rather	1
than	1
the	1
PDA.	1
Of	1
course,	1
only	1
the	1
Palm	1
M100	1
has	1
the	1
feature	1
of	1
changing	1
the	1
faceplates,	1
that	1
is	1
why	1
it's	1
extremely	1
cool.	1
With	1
web	1
service	1
you	1
can	1
check	1
on	1
team	1
scores,	1
road	1
maps,	1
or	1
restaurants	1
or	1
movie	1
listings	1
or	1
search	1
other	1
things.	1
If	1
you	1
put	1
a	1
pad	1
on	1
the	1
earpiece	1
it	1
is	1
much	1
more	1
comfortable	1
and	1
won't	1
slip	1
from	1
your	1
ear	1
as	1
much.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
player	1
through	1
my	1
computer	1
with	1
the	1
original	1
USB	1
cable	1
and	1
now	1
it	1
won't	1
even	1
show	1
a	1
charge.	1
Treo	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
It	1
took	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
for	1
the	1
battery	1
to	1
reach	1
its	1
full	1
charge	1
potential,	1
but	1
after	1
a	1
week	1
its	1
working	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
a	1
new	1
battery	1
would!	1
The	1
connections	1
is	1
coming	1
and	1
going.	1
When	1
they	1
opened	1
the	1
next	1
package,	1
it	1
had	1
the	1
same	1
black	1
line	1
so	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
money	1
back	1
and	1
ordered	1
this	1
one.	1
The	1
cable	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
LG225	1
phone	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
for.	1
I'm	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
that.Cons	1
Motorola	1
HS850	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
HiI	1
have	1
used	1
this	1
cell	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
10	1
months	1
now	1
-	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
you	1
guys	1
DON'T	1
BUY	1
THIS.it	1
has	1
cool	1
looks	1
and	1
cool	1
blue	1
tooth	1
technology.	1
The	1
headset	1
mode	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
Skype.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
product.	1
Click	1
"Exit".How	1
about	1
texting	1
on	1
my	1
Palm	1
Centro	1
broke	1
which	1
broke	1
and	1
forced	1
me	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
worst	1
phone	1
ever	1
made?1.	1
The	1
second	1
problem	1
I	1
had	1
was	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
never	1
able	1
to	1
transfer	1
a	1
call	1
from	1
the	1
device	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
know	1
because	1
I	1
asked.	1
Razr	1
Pastic	1
Shell.	1
PRODUCT	1
ADDVERTISED	1
AS	1
MOTOROLA	1
RIZR	1
Z3	1
ULOCKED	1
GSM	1
QUADBAND	1
CELL	1
PHONE-BLACK.	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
phone.	1
I	1
definitely	1
didn't	1
end	1
up	1
with	1
the	1
best	1
phone.	1
Email	1
is	1
amazingly	1
fast	1
and	1
reliable.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
this	1
model	1
headset	1
for	1
a	1
number	1
of	1
years	1
because	1
of	1
its	1
durability	1
and	1
clarity.	1
Phone	1
starts	1
to	1
beep	1
after	1
2-3	1
hrs	1
of	1
talking.-	1
Calendar,	1
alarm,	1
notes,	1
contacts	1
cannot	1
be	1
synchronized	1
with	1
Outlook.-	1
Awful	1
camera	1
resolution.	1
Overall,	1
a	1
great	1
phone!	1
went	1
through	1
15	1
samsung	1
A990	1
in	1
4	1
months.	1
Look	1
at	1
the	1
picture.	1
When	1
i	1
first	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
i	1
loved	1
it.	1
They	1
work	1
very	1
well,	1
like	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
Motorola's	1
we	1
had,	1
and	1
these	1
are	1
quite	1
stylish	1
and	1
unobtrusive.	1
set	1
up	1
is	1
easy.	1
The	1
battery	1
does	1
not	1
last	1
long	1
at	1
all	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
my	1
calls	1
are	1
poor.	1
New	1
LG	1
OEM	1
battery	1
for	1
a	1
fraction	1
of	1
the	1
cost	1
being	1
charged	1
elsewhere.	1
I	1
only	1
buy	1
HTC	1
phones,	1
and	1
if	1
this	1
was	1
"made	1
by	1
HTC"	1
they	1
had	1
it	1
contracted	1
out.	1
You	1
can	1
not	1
wear	1
it	1
comfortablly	1
while	1
wearing	1
sunshades.	1
u	1
get	1
what	1
u	1
pay	1
4.	1
I	1
had	1
received	1
a	1
text	1
message	1
that	1
was	1
a	1
wrong	1
number.	1
When	1
you	1
first	1
get	1
it	1
you	1
are	1
afraid	1
to	1
hold	1
it	1
the	1
wrong	1
way	1
in	1
fear	1
that	1
you	1
may	1
break	1
it.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
was	1
on	1
sale	1
and	1
had	1
decent	1
ratings,	1
so	1
I	1
thought	1
I'd	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
try.	1
Once	1
it	1
is	1
on,	1
you	1
barely	1
notice	1
its	1
there.	1
This	1
Headset	1
is	1
HORRIBLE	1
or	1
maybe	1
it's	1
just	1
the	1
one	1
i	1
got	1
but	1
either	1
way	1
it	1
sucks	1
and	1
i	1
thought	1
Plantronic's	1
had	1
a	1
good	1
name!	1
I	1
have	1
problems	1
with	1
t-mobile	1
every	1
month	1
(literaly)	1
if	1
its	1
either	1
with	1
downloading	1
things	1
i	1
did	1
not	1
download	1
or	1
text	1
messaging.	1
My	1
past	1
experience	1
with	1
wired	1
Plantronics	1
ones	1
was	1
excellent,	1
so	1
I	1
tried	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510.	1
Doesn't	1
do	1
squat.	1
-	1
no	1
matter	1
whatever	1
options	1
you	1
select	1
from	1
the	1
site,	1
make	1
sure	1
you	1
double	1
check	1
your	1
first	1
bill.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
plan	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
anywhere	1
other	1
than	1
0	1
degrees	1
(which	1
digs	1
into	1
your	1
side	1
pretty	1
well).	1
Thus,	1
using	1
a	1
weight	1
bench	1
at	1
the	1
gym	1
is	1
impossible.	1
When	1
I'm	1
due	1
to	1
upgrade,	1
I'll	1
check	1
out	1
Blackberry	1
and	1
Apple's	1
IPhone	1
and	1
will	1
finally	1
give	1
up	1
on	1
the	1
Palm	1
OS	1
that	1
I've	1
used	1
all	1
these	1
years.	1
the	1
pink	1
doesn't	1
scratch	1
off	1
easily4.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
HT820	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
ago	1
and	1
for	1
the	1
most	1
part	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
The	1
software	1
refused	1
to	1
install	1
on	1
my	1
system.	1
So	1
long,	1
that	1
in	1
many	1
cases	1
your	1
caller	1
will	1
hang	1
up	1
or	1
get	1
flipped	1
to	1
voicemail	1
before	1
you	1
can	1
answer	1
with	1
the	1
headset.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
really	1
worth	1
it.	1
(The	1
other	1
four	1
were	1
crap.)	1
The	1
device	1
crashes	1
a	1
lot	1
and	1
resets.	1
I've	1
talked	1
to	1
several	1
other	1
Curve	1
and	1
8800	1
owners	1
who	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
problem.	1
The	1
RAZR	1
can	1
be	1
more	1
than	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
picky	1
about	1
its	1
charger.	1
That's	1
$35	1
I'd	1
like	1
to	1
have	1
back!	1
The	1
font	1
on	1
the	1
main	1
screen	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
read	1
because	1
it's	1
too	1
small.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
we	1
needed,	1
it	1
didn't	1
have!.	1
As	1
other	1
reviewers	1
have	1
remarked,	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
position	1
mic	1
close	1
enough	1
to	1
mouth	1
to	1
provide	1
adequate	1
volume.	1
The	1
problem	1
is	1
a	1
horribly	1
flawed	1
battery	1
cover.	1
Ring	1
tones	1
are	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
those	1
provided	1
by	1
Samsung	1
et	1
al!4.	1
This	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
WORST	1
phone	1
I've	1
ever	1
encountered.	1
Excellent	1
sound	1
quality;	1
uncomfortable	1
earpiece.	1
Everyone	1
says	1
that	1
I	1
sound	1
like	1
I	1
am	1
far	1
away	1
and	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
candy	1
wrapper	1
stuck	1
in	1
the	1
phone	1
line.	1
There	1
was	1
so	1
much	1
static	1
it's	1
impossible	1
to	1
enjoy	1
the	1
music.	1
Software	1
is	1
excruciatingly	1
slow	1
moving	1
from	1
menue	1
to	1
menue.	1
Works	1
very	1
well.	1
I	1
get	1
pretty	1
good	1
battery	1
life	1
although	1
I	1
have	1
noticed	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
month	1
or	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
run	1
down	1
faster.	1
Verizon	1
service	1
also	1
insures	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
bars	1
in	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
weirdest	1
places!	1
Thus,	1
the	1
Sony	1
provides	1
a	1
much	1
more	1
pleasant	1
listening	1
experience.The	1
Sony	1
headphones	1
are	1
light,	1
comfortable,	1
and	1
fit	1
under	1
a	1
bike	1
helmet.	1
This	1
is	1
one	1
cool	1
little	1
headset.	1
I	1
accidentally	1
bought	1
the	1
wrong	1
kind	1
of	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
krzr	1
and	1
MyNetDeals	1
promptly	1
took	1
care	1
of	1
it.	1
Greatest	1
Phone	1
ever.	1
When	1
you	1
zoom	1
in,	1
it	1
simply	1
crops	1
the	1
picture	1
a	1
little	1
closer	1
to	1
the	1
center	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
to	1
scale	1
as	1
much	1
to	1
fit	1
onto	1
the	1
screen.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
sensitive.	1
It	1
constantly	1
droppes	1
calls,	1
the	1
receiption	1
is	1
pretty	1
bad	1
almost	1
anywhere	1
compared	1
to	1
T-Mobile.	1
Best	1
of	1
all	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
just	1
looks	1
great!!	1
So,	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
third	1
phone.	1
Disappointed	1
with	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
this	1
device.	1
Other	1
negatives	1
I	1
have	1
read	1
about	1
are	1
the	1
placement	1
of	1
the	1
charge	1
port	1
and	1
the	1
memory	1
card,	1
neither	1
have	1
bothered	1
me.	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
one	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
i95	1
in	1
a	1
year....I	1
guess	1
that's	1
not	1
TOO	1
bad???	1
It	1
continually	1
dropped	1
words	1
unless	1
I	1
held	1
the	1
phone	1
no	1
more	1
than	1
six	1
inches	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
headset	1
while	1
I	1
was	1
using	1
it.	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
nicest	1
looking	1
phone	1
that	1
I've	1
seen	1
besides	1
the	1
i860	1
and	1
v3,	1
but	1
those	1
are	1
over	1
$300.00.	1
A	1
reliable	1
headset	1
is	1
vital.	1
When	1
I	1
can	1
afford	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
better	1
transmitter	1
(hopefully	1
one	1
that	1
also	1
charges),	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
going	1
in	1
the	1
garbage.	1
Even	1
after	1
this	1
modification,	1
the	1
phone	1
should	1
be	1
*very*	1
tight.	1
The	1
iGo	1
line	1
of	1
products	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
way	1
to	1
keep	1
all	1
of	1
them	1
charged	1
without	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
extra	1
cables.	1
You	1
are	1
going	1
to	1
enjoy	1
this	1
high	1
power	1
camera.	1
It	1
stays	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
without	1
having	1
additional	1
support	1
over	1
my	1
ear	1
that	1
would	1
get	1
in	1
the	1
way	1
of	1
my	1
glasses.	1
Nokia	1
failed	1
me.	1
Buy	1
a	1
Treo.	1
From	1
now	1
on	1
all	1
my	1
screen	1
protector	1
needs	1
will	1
be	1
met	1
by	1
JAVOScreen	1
...I	1
think	1
that	1
these	1
are	1
just	1
about	1
the	1
greatest	1
accessory	1
for	1
palm.	1
Functional	1
but	1
takes	1
some	1
getting	1
used	1
to.	1
Motorola	1
Hands-Free	1
Headset	1
for	1
RAZR	1
V3.	1
I've	1
had	1
two...both	1
have	1
broken	1
very	1
quickly	1
(one	1
was	1
a	1
replacement).	1
WORKS	1
PERFECT.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
removeable	1
belt	1
clip.	1
He	1
is	1
a	1
Boston	1
sports	1
fan	1
all	1
the	1
way.	1
No	1
doubt	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
definitely	1
the	1
"in"	1
phone	1
to	1
have	1
right	1
now.	1
It	1
was	1
really	1
bad	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
after	1
repositioning	1
the	1
Audio	1
Streamer	1
a	1
little	1
bit,	1
it	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
less	1
noticeable.	1
The	1
sound	1
coming	1
through	1
to	1
the	1
person	1
you	1
are	1
calling	1
is	1
almost	1
all	1
static,	1
making	1
the	1
earpiece	1
completely	1
useless.	1
My	1
son	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
his	1
phone	1
(not	1
related	1
to	1
the	1
battery)	1
shortly	1
after	1
getting	1
this	1
battery.	1
Very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
the	1
service.	1
On	1
this	1
phone,	1
you're	1
forced	1
to	1
check	1
voicemail	1
BEFORE	1
seeing	1
the	1
name	1
of	1
the	1
missed	1
caller.	1
and	1
its	1
exspandable.	1
can't	1
hear	1
anything.	1
RATE	1
IT	1
ZERO!!!!.	1
Love	1
the	1
PDA	1
/	1
Hate	1
the	1
Phone.	1
In	1
order	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
holder,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
my	1
original	1
battery	1
which	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
recharged	1
every	1
other	1
day	1
--	1
very	1
inconvenient.	1
Of	1
course	1
no	1
replacement	1
battery	1
could	1
be	1
like	1
the	1
original	1
when	1
it	1
was	1
new.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
BH-200	1
and	1
was	1
not	1
good.	1
But	1
it	1
is	1
not.	1
I	1
hope	1
Mobility	1
releases	1
a	1
driver	1
in	1
the	1
near	1
future!	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
incredible	1
for	1
something	1
that	1
has	1
served	1
me	1
so	1
well	1
for	1
that	1
long!	1
Used	1
both	1
dongle	1
provided	1
drivers	1
and	1
BlueSoliel	1
drivers.	1
Sprint	1
claims	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
as	1
a	1
modem,	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
a	1
Mac	1
-	1
the	1
Mac	1
sees	1
the	1
USB	1
device	1
but	1
doesn't	1
think	1
it's	1
a	1
modem.	1
I	1
got	1
it,	1
plugged	1
it	1
in,	1
and	1
it	1
burned	1
out.	1
If	1
only	1
my	1
crappy	1
Nextel	1
phone	1
could	1
keep	1
up	1
will	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
headset.	1
Save	1
your	1
money	1
and	1
either	1
buy	1
something	1
better	1
or	1
settle	1
for	1
your	1
phone's	1
built-in	1
speakerphone;	1
this	1
thing	1
is	1
an	1
expensive	1
piece	1
of	1
crap.	1
Disappointed.	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
cingular	1
GO	1
PHONE.	1
After	1
switching	1
to	1
T-mobile	1
in	1
July	1
of	1
06	1
I	1
can	1
now	1
say	1
that	1
I	1
regret	1
leaving	1
Cingular.	1
No	1
outside	1
caller-ID	1
:-(.	1
Broke	1
on	1
day	1
1.	1
I	1
said	1
I	1
was	1
also	1
surprised	1
that	1
the	1
product	1
scratched	1
so	1
easily.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
case/holster,	1
and	1
wouldn't	1
want	1
to	1
be	1
without	1
it.	1
Lasted	1
Well	1
and	1
Kept	1
it's	1
Charge	1
for	1
Me.	1
But,	1
then	1
again,	1
it	1
cost	1
$5	1
---	1
there's	1
more	1
than	1
that	1
under	1
the	1
seat	1
of	1
my	1
car.	1
Its	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
I	1
successfully	1
registered	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
my	1
Cingular	1
network	1
(now	1
AT&T).	1
One	1
slight	1
disappointment	1
is	1
that	1
this	1
case	1
is	1
not	1
available	1
in	1
an	1
assortment	1
of	1
colors	1
to	1
permit	1
one	1
to	1
personalize	1
one's	1
cellphone.	1
I	1
really	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
my	1
phone,	1
bad	1
service	1
at	1
times	1
but	1
thats	1
not	1
the	1
phones	1
fault	1
i	1
belive	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
carrier.	1
The	1
hook	1
has	1
a	1
merging	1
line	1
right	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
where	1
is	1
sits	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
it	1
causes	1
fatigue	1
very	1
quickly.	1
it	1
will	1
load	1
your	1
entire	1
buddy	1
lists,	1
lets	1
you	1
do	1
smileys,	1
away	1
messages,	1
everything.	1
Worth	1
every	1
penny!	1
I	1
just	1
love	1
it!!!	1
The	1
loop	1
thing	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
awkward,	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
the	1
job	1
well.	1
Maybe	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
better	1
with	1
a	1
different	1
phone,	1
but	1
definitely	1
NOT	1
with	1
my	1
Panasonic.	1
I	1
continue	1
to	1
be	1
happy	1
with	1
it,	1
although	1
I	1
think	1
I	1
might	1
like	1
one	1
with	1
a	1
speakerphone	1
built	1
in.	1
Great	1
Product,	1
Great	1
Price.	1
I	1
called	1
Motorola	1
support	1
and	1
all	1
they	1
tell	1
me	1
is	1
"Just	1
push	1
the	1
button."	1
First	1
time	1
Blue	1
Tooth	1
user....	1
This	1
headset	1
worked	1
right	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
gate	1
with	1
my	1
Nokia	1
phone.	1
These	1
headphones	1
are	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
"behind-the-head"	1
I	1
have	1
worn	1
yet.	1
Unfortunately,	1
they	1
weighted	1
about	1
a	1
ton	1
and	1
I	1
felt	1
really	1
stupid	1
when	1
I	1
walked	1
around	1
the	1
mall	1
with	1
them	1
on.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
sync	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
very	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
doesn't	1
rise	1
past	1
83%	1
even	1
though	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
charging	1
all	1
night.	1
In	1
all	1
honesty	1
it's	1
a	1
steal.	1
I	1
tried	1
voice	1
dialing	1
at	1
Interstate	1
speed,	1
though	1
and	1
had	1
no	1
success	1
except	1
at	1
low	1
speed.	1
Not	1
working	1
at	1
all.	1
Unforunately,	1
I	1
cannot	1
recommend	1
it	1
becuase	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
customer	1
service	1
is	1
very	1
poor.	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
pull	1
number	1
correctly.	1
Might	1
as	1
well	1
just	1
buy	1
a	1
different	1
adapter!	1
I	1
called	1
the	1
vendor	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
and	1
after	1
a	1
very	1
long	1
conversation	1
they	1
agreed	1
to	1
send	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Great	1
for	1
my	1
Blackberry.	1
That's	1
about	1
what	1
one	1
should	1
expect..	1
Some	1
who	1
gave	1
this	1
product	1
one	1
star	1
wondered	1
if	1
they	1
received	1
a	1
genuine	1
Motorola	1
product.	1
Need	1
to	1
go	1
into	1
menus!6.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
terrible.	1
Great	1
device	1
-	1
mediocre	1
phone.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
an	1
average	1
phone	1
user,	1
I	1
could	1
see	1
this	1
battery	1
lasting	1
at	1
least	1
3-5	1
days	1
without	1
recharging	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
2	1
batteries	1
of	1
these,	1
while	1
I'm	1
using	1
one,	1
I'm	1
charging	1
the	1
other.	1
Lastly	1
I	1
love	1
how	1
they	1
included	1
a	1
multiple	1
number	1
under	1
one	1
contact	1
system,	1
that	1
makes	1
my	1
entry	1
of	1
numbers	1
a	1
lot	1
simpler.	1
Scratches	1
way	1
worse.	1
That	1
seems	1
a	1
little	1
too	1
much.	1
They	1
are	1
comfortable	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good.	1
They	1
were	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
tired	1
OEM	1
ones.	1
As	1
for	1
as	1
delivery	1
was	1
concerned	1
everything	1
was	1
excellent	1
and	1
no	1
complains.	1
?My	1
opinion	1
Bluetooth	1
does	1
not	1
always	1
work	1
well,	1
but	1
this	1
cable	1
is	1
great.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
over	1
50%	1
of	1
my	1
job.	1
As	1
for	1
me,	1
I	1
am	1
extremely	1
please	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Vonage	1
broadband	1
phone,	1
and	1
the	1
people	1
I	1
call	1
say	1
it	1
sounds	1
very	1
clear	1
so	1
the	1
mike	1
is	1
good	1
too.	1
If	1
it	1
fits	1
you'll	1
find	1
a	1
new	1
level	1
of	1
comfort,	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
not	1
to	1
mention	1
it	1
looks	1
a	1
lot	1
better	1
to	1
get	1
rid	1
of	1
the	1
ear	1
loop.	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
so	1
comfortable	1
you	1
forget	1
you	1
are	1
wearing	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
junk.	1
The	1
battery	1
last	1
a	1
long	1
time	1
before	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
recharge.	1
Hight	1
quality	1
workmanship.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
even	1
last	1
more	1
than	1
30mins	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
It	1
always	1
reset	1
the	1
clock	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for...	1
Easy	1
to	1
install,	1
well	1
made	1
antenna	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
bring	1
in	1
a	1
cell	1
signal	1
from	1
a	1
tower	1
that	1
was	1
out	1
of	1
sight	1
and	1
miles	1
away	1
from	1
my	1
wooded	1
setting.	1
So	1
for	1
it	1
has	1
worked	1
perfectly.	1
FIRST	1
I	1
WATED	1
FOREVER	1
TO	1
RECIEVE	1
MY	1
PRODUCT.	1
Also,	1
I	1
have	1
big	1
ears	1
and	1
my	1
wife	1
has	1
little	1
ears.	1
Voice	1
dialing	1
issues.	1
Second,	1
the	1
interface	1
is	1
pretty	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
figure	1
it	1
out.	1
Volume	1
is	1
VERY	1
poor	1
at	1
65	1
mph	1
in	1
a	1
'04	1
Passat.	1
After	1
charging,	1
I	1
easily	1
paired	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Treo	1
650	1
phone	1
and	1
made	1
my	1
first	1
call.	1
Doesn't	1
work	1
well.	1
Worked	1
as	1
expected.	1
MAKE	1
SURE	1
YOU	1
KNOW	1
IT	1
FITS	1
BEFORE	1
ORDERING.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
very	1
good.	1
(it	1
was	1
$3)	1
)There	1
are	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
nice	1
features	1
in	1
the	1
address	1
book	1
I	1
really	1
like.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
This	1
was	1
another	1
looser	1
product	1
I	1
bought	1
from	1
Amazon.	1
Well,	1
it's	1
pretty,	1
but	1
that's	1
about	1
it.I	1
loved	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
store.	1
The	1
faceplates	1
cover	1
only	1
half	1
of	1
the	1
palm.	1
The	1
KRAZR	1
is	1
a	1
disappointment.	1
Click	1
on	1
Button	1
'Devices'7.	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Great	1
device,	1
but....	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
BT	1
headset	1
a	1
while	1
back	1
but	1
it	1
wasn't	1
convenient	1
and	1
didn't	1
work	1
so	1
well.	1
Gave	1
it	1
2	1
stars	1
because	1
the	1
case	1
is	1
of	1
some	1
use	1
by	1
itself.	1
Maybe	1
its	1
ok	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
conversation,	1
but	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
music	1
the	1
range	1
is	1
really	1
quite	1
bad	1
and	1
uneven.	1
Kinda	1
pricey,	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
you	1
get	1
three	1
pieces	1
of	1
essential	1
geek	1
tech	1
in	1
one.	1
If	1
so,	1
how	1
did	1
they	1
fix	1
it.	1
Now	1
I	1
can	1
voice	1
chat	1
with	1
my	1
buddies	1
and	1
family	1
and	1
still	1
be	1
around	1
the	1
house	1
doing	1
things.	1
How	1
will	1
you	1
know	1
if	1
information	1
provided	1
by	1
Cingular	1
is	1
accurate?3.	1
It	1
continued	1
to	1
be	1
paired	1
with	1
my	1
Treo,	1
yet,	1
the	1
call	1
was	1
filled	1
with	1
too	1
much	1
static	1
(for	1
both	1
callers)	1
to	1
be	1
functional.	1
The	1
email	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
(You	1
can	1
always	1
use	1
higer	1
capacity	1
Memory	1
Stick	1
Duo)4.	1
My	1
third	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
get	1
dropped	1
from	1
calls	1
quite	1
frequently,	1
once	1
was	1
during	1
a	1
job	1
interview	1
inquiry.	1
It	1
was	1
good	1
quality,	1
fit	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
very	1
tightly	1
and	1
was	1
slim	1
enough	1
to	1
not	1
bulk	1
up	1
the	1
size	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
It	1
has	1
mysteriously	1
powered	1
down	1
once	1
by	1
itself.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
explanation,	1
update,	1
patch,	1
or	1
anything	1
to	1
fix	1
the	1
problem.	1
But	1
while	1
it	1
does	1
that,	1
you	1
cannot	1
receive	1
calls.	1
Don't	1
trust	1
this	1
website.	1
Not	1
three	1
months	1
after	1
I	1
purchased	1
it,	1
the	1
thing	1
stopped	1
working,	1
literally	1
broke	1
(physically)	1
and	1
was	1
thrown	1
in	1
the	1
trash.	1
My	1
home	1
is	1
only	1
just	1
over	1
1300	1
sq	1
ft	1
so	1
we	1
weren't	1
asking	1
a	1
lot.	1
So	1
my	1
phone	1
has	1
turned	1
off	1
several	1
times	1
The	1
LG	1
L1400	1
comes	1
with	1
alot	1
of	1
extra	1
for	1
its	1
cheap	1
price($115)	1
but	1
as	1
with	1
everything	1
theres	1
room	1
for	1
improvement	1
Unreliable	1
product,	1
unfortunately.The	1
on-off	1
switch	1
to	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
is	1
wildly	1
inconsistent,	1
sometimes	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
and	1
other	1
times	1
it	1
won't.	1
Very	1
disappointed,	1
and	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
saved	1
by	1
going	1
through	1
them!	1
I	1
hope	1
that	1
Samsung	1
creates	1
an	1
adapter	1
to	1
fit	1
in	1
the	1
jack	1
that	1
will	1
allow	1
you	1
to	1
use	1
regular	1
headphones.	1
Works	1
well	1
in	1
my	1
W810i.	1
It	1
feels	1
cheap	1
in	1
your	1
hands	1
when	1
you	1
hold	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
cell	1
phone	1
case	1
for	1
a	1
little	1
over	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
It	1
IS	1
possible	1
to	1
bend	1
the	1
earpiece	1
to	1
sort-of	1
fit	1
your	1
ear	1
but	1
nothing	1
really	1
ever	1
felt	1
secure.	1
The	1
address	1
book	1
is	1
about	1
halfway	1
down	1
the	1
menu	1
page	1
instead	1
of	1
right	1
up	1
front	1
where	1
it	1
should	1
rightfully	1
be.	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
At	1
first	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
needed	1
to	1
be	1
charged,	1
but	1
that	1
did	1
not	1
help.	1
I	1
can	1
talk	1
for	1
long	1
periods	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
find	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
real	1
pleasure	1
to	1
use.	1
this	1
is	1
probably	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
sleekest	1
phones	1
out	1
there.	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
size	1
but	1
the	1
picture	1
quality	1
is	1
awful.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
wait	1
till	1
the	1
inbox	1
was	1
full	1
before	1
I	1
could	1
try	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
call	1
or	1
text.	1
I'm	1
a	1
simple	1
person	1
and	1
so	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
simple	1
phone	1
that	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
text	1
messaging.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
improvement	1
over	1
other	1
headsets	1
where	1
I	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
very	1
well.	1
First,	1
regarding	1
the	1
shipper.	1
Without	1
the	1
story	1
above,	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
given	1
it	1
a	1
one	1
star.	1
I	1
have	1
htis	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
replaced	1
a	1
Samsung	1
model	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
with	1
Sprint.	1
Exactly	1
what	1
I	1
need.	1
Radio	1
Shack's	1
price	1
was	1
40.00	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
charger.	1
Don't	1
purchase	1
it.	1
I've	1
tested	1
it	1
with	1
three	1
batteries	1
-	1
2	1
Li	1
ION	1
and	1
1	1
NiMH	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
any	1
in	1
the	1
rear	1
pocket.	1
Sure	1
beats	1
using	1
your	1
finger	1
to	1
work	1
around	1
the	1
screen	1
especially	1
a	1
man	1
with	1
larger	1
fingers.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
"unlocked"	1
cell	1
phone	1
for	1
one	1
of	1
my	1
daughters	1
to	1
replace	1
hers	1
that	1
she	1
was	1
having	1
trouble	1
with.	1
ive	1
dropped	1
it	1
down	1
a	1
whole	1
flight	1
of	1
stairs	1
more	1
times	1
than	1
u	1
can	1
imagine.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
go	1
with	1
my	1
new	1
Treo	1
650	1
smartphone.	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
headset	1
for	1
my	1
iPhone	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
good.	1
Openings	1
is	1
to	1
large	1
for	1
small	1
bluetooth.	1
It's	1
one	1
flaw,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
probably	1
not	1
uncommon	1
to	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
in	1
general,	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
hear	1
the	1
wind.	1
At&t	1
claimed	1
that	1
they	1
no	1
longer	1
carried	1
the	1
item,	1
and	1
tried	1
to	1
say	1
the	1
orginal	1
cell	1
phone	1
needed	1
to	1
be	1
replaced.	1
Take	1
this	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
Xbox	1
mic	1
search	1
results	1
and	1
off	1
the	1
market	1
The	1
strap	1
was	1
rather	1
flimsily	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
worried	1
that	1
it	1
may	1
tear	1
as	1
the	1
Velcro	1
secured	1
it	1
well	1
but	1
it	1
didn't	1
last	1
long	1
enough	1
to	1
tear.	1
Apparently,	1
Motorola	1
has	1
heard	1
the	1
complaints	1
noted	1
in	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
reviews	1
here.	1
Charge	1
lasts	1
me	1
a	1
week!.	1
Good	1
but	1
fragile.	1
These	1
headphones	1
work	1
beautifully.	1
At	1
this	1
point,	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
by	1
level	1
three	1
wireless	1
support	1
that	1
&quot;it	1
might	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
your	1
VPN&quot;	1
(business	1
network).	1
Affordable	1
and	1
works!.	1
Lots	1
of	1
noise..	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
about	1
1	1
month	1
ago	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
working	1
properly.	1
AMAZON	1
REFUNDED	1
MY	1
MONEY	1
IN	1
FULL.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
volume	1
in	1
a	1
call	1
was	1
extremely	1
quiet	1
and	1
the	1
camera	1
released	1
a	1
greenish	1
colored	1
tint	1
in	1
all	1
the	1
pictures.	1
I've	1
got	1
a	1
garish	1
electronic	1
gadget	1
stuck	1
to	1
my	1
head!!	1
It's	1
even	1
worse	1
if	1
the	1
other	1
person	1
is	1
on	1
a	1
poor	1
headset,	1
too.	1
Glad	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
The	1
material	1
is	1
not	1
good	1
at	1
all.Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
on	1
this	1
case	1
and	1
it's	1
NOT	1
worth	1
20	1
bucks	1
at	1
all.	1
Wow,	1
I	1
have	1
finally	1
found	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
that	1
actually	1
works	1
as	1
advertised.	1
Good	1
product,	1
HORRIBLE	1
tech	1
support.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
expect	1
the	1
best	1
headset	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
that	1
this	1
headset	1
costs.	1
The	1
headset	1
connects	1
well	1
to	1
bluetooth	1
phones.	1
The	1
locking	1
swivel	1
bracket	1
does	1
not	1
lock	1
in	1
place	1
like	1
my	1
original	1
one	1
does	1
either,	1
so	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
pouch	1
swivels	1
around	1
while	1
wearing	1
it.	1
We	1
tested	1
both	1
units	1
and	1
both	1
were	1
found	1
to	1
be	1
defective.	1
In	1
my	1
experience	1
LG	1
cell	1
phones	1
have	1
great	1
sound	1
quality.	1
Very	1
poor	1
battery	1
life.	1
GREAT	1
PHONE/MUSIC	1
PLAYER/CAMERA!!!!	1
The	1
shipping	1
was	1
free	1
and	1
fast.	1
Cheap	1
good	1
buy.	1
Almost	1
the	1
perfect	1
smartphone.	1
Works	1
perfectly.	1
I	1
would	1
totally	1
buy	1
another	1
one	1
if	1
need	1
be	1
in	1
the	1
future.	1
Need	1
more	1
info.	1
My	1
mom	1
complains	1
of	1
a	1
little	1
echo	1
when	1
she	1
speaks	1
on	1
it,	1
too.	1
I	1
like	1
to	1
make	1
voice	1
records	1
but	1
I	1
cannot	1
tap	1
into	1
the	1
large	1
bank	1
of	1
photo	1
memory.	1
The	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
neat	1
extras.Now	1
for	1
the	1
bad.	1
So	1
being	1
relatively	1
new	1
to	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
scene,	1
I'm	1
no	1
expert	1
by	1
any	1
means.	1
Think	1
of	1
a	1
student	1
at	1
Columbine	1
or	1
Virginia	1
Tech	1
hiding	1
from	1
the	1
gunman	1
in	1
a	1
closet	1
and	1
trying	1
to	1
quietly	1
call	1
9-1-1	1
to	1
get	1
help.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
NOT	1
like	1
the	1
item	1
that	1
comes	1
withthe	1
Palm	1
TX.	1
Never	1
worked	1
well	1
as	1
phone	1
headset.	1
This	1
charger	1
has	1
been	1
working	1
for	1
me	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
now,	1
and	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
problems!	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
i	1
have	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
the	1
fit	1
around	1
the	1
wheel	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
line	1
up.	1
This	1
was	1
on	1
icing	1
on	1
the	1
cake	1
after	1
2	1
years	1
of	1
absolutely	1
amazingy	1
bad	1
service	1
from	1
nextel.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
trying	1
to	1
discriminate	1
against	1
women	1
but	1
this	1
pouch	1
is	1
for	1
men.	1
Be	1
very	1
weary	1
of	1
Blue	1
Harbor	1
Online.	1
Got	1
the	1
BL-6C	1
battery	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
good	1
to	1
go.	1
Great	1
for	1
texting,	1
descent	1
camera,	1
and	1
has	1
more	1
display	1
features	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
phone.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
read	1
more	1
of	1
the	1
reviews	1
and	1
paid	1
closer	1
attention.The	1
unit	1
is	1
slick	1
in	1
theory	1
and	1
design.	1
Watch	1
out	1
-	1
defective	1
phones	1
from	1
amazon.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
comfortable.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
phone	1
within	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days	1
after	1
ordering.The	1
phone	1
was	1
in	1
excellent	1
condition	1
as	1
advertised.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
black	1
one	1
(Krusell	1
00332)	1
I	1
recommend	1
staying	1
in	1
the	1
low	1
stations	1
88.1-90.1.	1
Nice	1
little	1
leather	1
case	1
at	1
a	1
good	1
price.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
disappointed	1
this	1
and	1
the	1
other	1
case	1
that	1
I	1
from	1
this	1
store	1
they	1
are	1
very	1
cheap.	1
JX10	1
Earhook	1
strange	1
Item	1
to	1
Review.	1
not	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
chance	1
here..	1
his	1
and	1
the	1
white	1
version	1
of	1
wireless	1
headphone	1
for	1
ipod	1
is	1
being	1
clearanced	1
elsewhere	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
reason.	1
Hello	1
dont	1
buy	1
it	1
...	1
I	1
have	1
HTC	1
touch	1
pro	1
2	1
.	1
However,	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
60%	1
less.	1
(That's	1
60%	1
volume.)	1
We	1
finally	1
reached	1
someone	1
after	1
5	1
days	1
and	1
supposedly	1
our	1
phone	1
was	1
to	1
be	1
activated.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Kodak	1
V530	1
I	1
bought	1
many	1
years	1
ago	1
and	1
was	1
only	1
getting	1
10-15	1
minutes	1
of	1
battery	1
life.	1
She	1
is	1
totally	1
satisfied	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
Amazon	1
does	1
and	1
I	1
verified	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
right	1
product.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
reluctant	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
headset	1
at	1
all	1
because	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
ones	1
I	1
saw	1
were	1
very	1
bulky.	1
They	1
shipped	1
a	1
different	1
part	1
number	1
than	1
in	1
the	1
picture,	1
with	1
only	1
an	1
820	1
mAH	1
rating.	1
Cheap	1
imitation	1
of	1
a	1
Motorola	1
charger....DIDN'T	1
WORK!	1
Not	1
bad	1
for	1
Price.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
most	1
user-unfriendly	1
cell	1
phone	1
ever	1
made.	1
It	1
sounds	1
good,	1
and	1
the	1
adjustable	1
orientation	1
for	1
the	1
wire	1
is	1
great.Occasionally	1
it	1
won't	1
work	1
right	1
away.	1
I	1
am	1
so	1
disappointed	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
two	1
reasons	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
peice	1
of	1
garbage,	1
especially	1
with	1
Cingular.	1
Beware	1
of	1
the	1
Amazon	1
"return"	1
policy.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
value	1
for	1
me.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
error	1
message	1
that	1
you	1
are	1
doing	1
this.	1
Calling	1
and	1
trying	1
to	1
complain	1
to	1
nextel	1
is	1
futile.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
cheap	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
andn	1
choosing	1
this	1
one	1
pls	1
pls	1
dont	1
even	1
think	1
about	1
this	1
one.	1
Plantronics	1
accessory.	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
Headset.	1
And	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
incredibly	1
low.	1
Is	1
this	1
too	1
much	1
to	1
ask?In	1
genreal	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
that	1
the	1
operating	1
system	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
in	1
ALPHA	1
phase.	1
That	1
battery	1
is	1
made	1
in	1
Japan	1
and	1
it	1
truly	1
has	1
a	1
longer	1
standby	1
life	1
(4-5	1
days).	1
It	1
appears	1
to	1
wobble	1
around	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
leaves	1
me	1
with	1
the	1
feeling	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
fall	1
off	1
at	1
any	1
time.	1
Then	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
one	1
specifically	1
for	1
the	1
8200	1
series.	1
It	1
seems	1
that	1
Motorola	1
is	1
just	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
out	1
of	1
fixing	1
or	1
replacing	1
the	1
phone	1
free	1
of	1
charge	1
under	1
warranty.	1
Now	1
I	1
am	1
weary	1
of	1
Sony	1
phones.	1
All	1
good	1
-	1
As	1
advertised.	1
It	1
seemed	1
to	1
work	1
fine,	1
as	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
model	1
before	1
and	1
loved	1
it.	1
The	1
date	1
code	1
on	1
the	1
battery	1
that	1
Amazon	1
sent	1
me	1
was	1
OLDER	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
replacing!	1
I	1
now	1
have	1
two	1
phones	1
(give	1
one	1
to	1
the	1
kids	1
to	1
carry--if	1
it	1
is	1
lost,	1
no	1
one	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
run	1
up	1
a	1
big	1
phone	1
tab).	1
The	1
on-ear	1
never	1
felt	1
comfortable	1
or	1
locked-in.This	1
model	1
is	1
adequate,	1
but	1
nothing	1
special.	1
Look,	1
I	1
know	1
they're	1
not	1
exactly	1
new,	1
but	1
this	1
was	1
the	1
kind	1
of	1
phone	1
my	1
dad	1
wanted.	1
Get	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
Instead.	1
Look	1
at	1
the	1
specs	1
for	1
your	1
phone	1
and	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
try.The	1
microphone	1
will	1
capture	1
sound	1
just	1
fine.	1
All	1
other,	1
just	1
pay	1
the	1
money	1
to	1
Apple.	1
This	1
really	1
comes	1
in	1
handy	1
at	1
times.	1
Very	1
good	1
phone	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Look	1
good	1
but	1
there	1
are	1
many	1
down	1
sides	1
for	1
a	1
phone!.	1
When	1
I	1
try	1
to	1
press	1
it	1
against	1
my	1
ear	1
I	1
end	1
up	1
pressing	1
the	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
outside	1
of	1
it.	1
You	1
pretty	1
much	1
HAVE	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
product	1
with	1
the	1
XV-6700,	1
but	1
doesn't	1
mean	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
like	1
it.	1
Steady	1
charge..	1
Did	1
a	1
pretty	1
good	1
charging	1
up	1
my	1
old	1
bulky	1
Nokia	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
guess	1
I	1
got	1
what	1
I	1
paid	1
for.Before	1
I	1
go	1
into	1
the	1
annoyances,	1
I	1
will	1
say	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
good	1
things	1
about	1
this	1
phone.	1
The	1
reception	1
on	1
it	1
works	1
pretty	1
good,	1
however	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
stand	1
the	1
constant	1
feeling	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
fall	1
off	1
from	1
my	1
head.	1
I	1
was	1
then	1
transferred	1
to	1
someone	1
else	1
who	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
the	1
number	1
was	1
approved	1
for	1
processing.	1
This	1
item	1
simply	1
didn't	1
work	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
old	1
BlackBerries	1
don't	1
scratch...	1
I	1
actually	1
turned	1
this	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
back	1
in	1
and	1
reactivated	1
my	1
old	1
BlackBerry	1
for	1
this	1
reason.	1
I	1
keep	1
an	1
old	1
X495	1
on	1
the	1
charger	1
all	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
just	1
exchange	1
batteries	1
whenever	1
I	1
wish,	1
no	1
down	1
time!	1
Very	1
pleased	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.Thanks	1
amazon	1
for	1
this	1
product!	1
If	1
I	1
walked	1
briskly	1
or	1
went	1
up/down	1
stairs,	1
the	1
bag	1
would	1
swing	1
into	1
the	1
holder.	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
loop	1
on	1
the	1
back,	1
above	1
the	1
nub,	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
hang	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
a	1
lanyard,	1
which	1
is	1
a	1
plus.	1
Several	1
weeks	1
ago	1
he	1
was	1
on	1
a	1
dock	1
and	1
dropped	1
his	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
lake.	1
I	1
exchanged	1
my	1
first	1
Palm	1
with	1
another,	1
which,	1
thankfully,	1
does	1
the	1
same	1
thing.	1
On	1
the	1
StarTac	1
there	1
is	1
an	1
LED	1
that	1
blinks	1
green-green	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
on	1
and	1
normal.	1
Great	1
for	1
Kids,	1
Embrassing	1
for	1
Everyone	1
else.	1
Shoddy	1
manufacturing	1
make	1
it	1
an	1
iffy	1
proposition.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
quite	1
good	1
and	1
people	1
do	1
not	1
complain	1
about	1
or	1
know	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
them	1
on	1
a	1
headset.	1
I	1
really	1
wish	1
that	1
this	1
was	1
depicted	1
more	1
accurately	1
as	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
decent	1
product.	1
Flimsy	1
plastic.	1
razr	1
phone	1
a	1
good	1
buy.	1
Hard	1
to	1
Compete	1
with	1
Super	1
Price.	1
new	1
blackberry/t-mobile	1
user.	1
Drops	1
calls	1
all	1
the	1
time!.	1
The	1
internet	1
access	1
was	1
fine,	1
it	1
the	1
rare	1
instance	1
that	1
it	1
worked.	1
The	1
one	1
shipped	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
the	1
ring	1
for	1
using	1
an	1
around	1
the	1
neck	1
lanyard.	1
Sure	1
the	1
ringer	1
tones	1
aren't	1
the	1
loudest,	1
but	1
whenever	1
I'm	1
in	1
a	1
situation	1
where	1
I	1
can't	1
hear	1
my	1
ring	1
tone,	1
I	1
just	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
vibrate	1
mode.	1
I	1
even	1
ordered	1
some	1
cheap	1
new	1
colorful	1
faceplates	1
so	1
now	1
I'm	1
"hardcore	1
phat"	1
again	1
(or	1
whatever).8.	1
I	1
think	1
Motorola	1
got	1
it	1
right	1
this	1
time	1
by	1
using	1
a	1
standard	1
USB	1
interface.	1
First	1
of	1
all,	1
it	1
has	1
some	1
serious	1
issues	1
with	1
turning	1
itself	1
on.	1
Many	1
if	1
the	1
others	1
i've	1
had	1
like	1
to	1
die	1
about	1
30	1
mins	1
into	1
a	1
conversation.	1
This	1
item	1
by	1
Body	1
Glove	1
is	1
exactly	1
the	1
protection	1
this	1
phone	1
requires.	1
When	1
package	1
came,	1
it	1
contained	1
travel	1
kit	1
only.	1
Too	1
bad	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
discontinued	1
by	1
Plantronics.	1
WILL	1
SELL	1
SHARES	1
OF	1
MOTOROLA	1
AND	1
VERIZON	1
AS	1
ONLY	1
RECOURSE.	1
If	1
you	1
hit	1
it	1
wrong	1
while	1
driving,	1
it	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
knock	1
it	1
out.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
more	1
expensive	1
phones	1
with	1
lots	1
more	1
options	1
(reading	1
word	1
documents.	1
Magnets	1
&	1
the	1
metel	1
visor	1
clip	1
seem	1
to	1
hold	1
it	1
in	1
place	1
just	1
fine.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
LG	1
vehicle	1
car	1
charger.	1
Calls	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
answered	1
first	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
then	1
transfered	1
to	1
the	1
blueant.	1
It's	1
a	1
pain.	1
BAD	1
PRODUCT.	1
Samsung	1
E715	1
Phone.	1
the	1
transmitter	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
tricky	1
at	1
first,	1
what	1
with	1
finding	1
an	1
empty	1
station	1
that	1
will	1
accept	1
the	1
incoming	1
transmission	1
clearly.	1
Dangerous	1
for	1
contact	1
lists	1
etc.	1
Overall,	1
I'm	1
really	1
happy	1
that	1
I	1
found	1
it	1
at	1
Amazon!	1
Nice	1
Phone	1
Impressive	1
features,	1
Complements	1
The	1
RAZR	1
well.	1
This	1
cable	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
alternative	1
to	1
the	1
$100+	1
Connectivity	1
Toolkit.	1
But	1
first	1
of	1
all,	1
it's	1
great	1
as	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Unreliable	1
Phone	1
for	1
long	1
term.	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
pleased,	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
very	1
small	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
volume	1
being	1
good	1
as	1
well.	1
broke	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
months.	1
a	1
very	1
poor	1
quality	1
product.	1
Even	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
run	1
it	1
in	1
Windows	1
XP	1
compatibility,	1
the	1
install	1
failed.	1
Very	1
Happy.	1
The	1
Q	1
is	1
a	1
frustrating	1
waste	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
money.	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
Palm	1
Vx	1
off	1
the	1
internet	1
and	1
wanted	1
to	1
protect	1
it	1
because	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
outdoors	1
year	1
round.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
buy,	1
and	1
DON'T	1
use	1
Verizon.	1
It's	1
annoying	1
when	1
the	1
envelope	1
doesn't	1
dissapear	1
after	1
you	1
have	1
checked	1
your	1
voicemail	1
messages!	1
It	1
just	1
keeps	1
blinking	1
!Removed	1
Memory	1
Card!	1
Compact,	1
Easy	1
to	1
carry,	1
Sleek	1
&	1
Stylish2.	1
I	1
supplied	1
complete	1
information	1
but	1
only	1
got	1
a	1
canned	1
response	1
in	1
return.	1
Looks	1
cool...	1
but,......	1
Well,	1
first	1
off,	1
this	1
BT	1
is	1
bigger	1
than	1
it	1
looks.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
glitch	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
hooked	1
it	1
up,	1
but	1
customer	1
service	1
helped	1
me	1
right	1
away	1
and	1
everything	1
works	1
fabulously.	1
Trying	1
to	1
get	1
through	1
to	1
customer	1
service	1
takes	1
forever	1
and	1
once	1
you	1
get	1
through	1
they	1
do	1
nothing.	1
Don't	1
Get	1
This	1
Product.	1
Defective	1
product,	1
no	1
support.	1
Good	1
ole	1
HP	1
will	1
not	1
allow	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
be	1
upgraded	1
either.6.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
was	1
relatively	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
outcome,	1
and	1
would	1
do	1
it	1
again	1
to	1
save	1
the	1
$.	1
I	1
did	1
get	1
in	1
touch	1
with	1
customer	1
service	1
and	1
they	1
said	1
the	1
new	1
style	1
will	1
have	1
a	1
top	1
closure...wait	1
for	1
the	1
new	1
style.	1
it	1
always	1
got	1
good	1
reception--way	1
better	1
than	1
previous	1
phones	1
i	1
had.	1
The	1
microphone	1
works	1
very	1
well	1
on	1
phone	1
calls,	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
dedicated	1
Motorola	1
bluetooth	1
ear-piece.	1
No	1
bluetooth	1
or	1
any	1
cutting	1
edge	1
feature.In	1
short,	1
Samsung	1
E315	1
is	1
safe	1
bet	1
for	1
people	1
who	1
like	1
flip	1
phones	1
and	1
want	1
T-Mobile.	1
I	1
read	1
similar	1
problems	1
with	1
Motorola	1
phones	1
on	1
internet.Secondly,	1
the	1
voice	1
reception	1
is	1
not	1
so	1
good.	1
I	1
like	1
wireless,	1
but	1
compared	1
to	1
a	1
traditional	1
hands-free	1
device	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
enough	1
to	1
justify	1
the	1
purchase.	1
And	1
by	1
the	1
way	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
the	1
v600	1
(...).	1
You	1
will	1
get	1
enhanced	1
NOISE	1
rather	1
than	1
enhanced	1
voice.	1
great	1
battery.	1
The	1
phone	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
when	1
I	1
received	1
it.	1
I	1
am	1
returning	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
switching	1
back	1
to	1
T-Mobile	1
before	1
the	1
30	1
day	1
period	1
is	1
not	1
over	1
yet	1
(23	1
day	1
period	1
in	1
my	1
case).	1
It	1
takes	1
a	1
bit	1
getting	1
adjusted,	1
but	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
protection	1
it	1
provides!	1
I'd	1
highly	1
recommend	1
it.	1
It	1
kinda	1
hangs	1
off	1
my	1
ear.	1
It	1
still	1
come	1
out	1
slightly	1
cheaper	1
than	1
other	1
online	1
store.	1
I	1
could	1
easily	1
use	1
it	1
as	1
a	1
phone	1
and	1
also	1
have	1
my	1
contacts,	1
calendar,	1
Internet,	1
and	1
the	1
huge	1
bonus	1
of	1
email	1
all	1
with	1
me	1
at	1
once.	1
Now	1
music	1
barely	1
plays	1
at	1
all	1
through	1
it	1
and	1
the	1
cable	1
seperated	1
from	1
the	1
spool.	1
Amazon	1
should	1
dump	1
people	1
like	1
these.	1
Worst	1
Phone	1
Ever!.	1
This	1
case	1
cover	1
didn't	1
last	1
one	1
month.	1
Purchased	1
the	1
booster	1
due	1
to	1
a	1
weak	1
signal	1
inside	1
the	1
house.	1
Great	1
Value.	1
Poor	1
Quality	1
Plastic	1
Screen	1
Scratches	1
Easily.	1
Has	1
anyone	1
recieved	1
this	1
ghost	1
phone	1
from	1
amazon.	1
Easy	1
fits	1
in	1
any	1
pocket.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
wasn't	1
excellent	1
but	1
was	1
well	1
above	1
what	1
you	1
would	1
get	1
from	1
a	1
cheap	1
device,	1
and	1
the	1
signal	1
strength	1
was	1
really	1
good.	1
Ear	1
reciever	1
to	1
big.	1
3	1
Members	1
of	1
my	1
family	1
all	1
got	1
it	1
with	1
our	1
family	1
plan,	1
and	1
within	1
a	1
year	1
all	1
3	1
phones	1
screens	1
stopped	1
working,	1
rendering	1
the	1
phone	1
almost	1
useless.	1
It's	1
not	1
equipped	1
with	1
a	1
camera	1
or	1
any	1
of	1
those	1
other	1
features	1
people	1
have	1
grown	1
accustomed	1
to.	1
Bad	1
software,	1
no	1
guaranteed	1
that	1
phone	1
will	1
last	1
long.	1
No	1
trouble	1
after	1
two	1
months.	1
I	1
was	1
confident	1
about	1
my	1
tech	1
abilities	1
so	1
I	1
took	1
the	1
chance	1
for	1
DIY.	1
This	1
was	1
recommended	1
to	1
me	1
by	1
the	1
salesman	1
at	1
the	1
Sprint	1
store	1
over	1
a	1
year	1
ago.	1
Wow,	1
was	1
I	1
wrong	1
-	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY!!.	1
When	1
I	1
read	1
about	1
the	1
jawbone,	1
I	1
decided	1
it	1
was	1
worth	1
another	1
shot.	1
It	1
lacks	1
any	1
kind	1
of	1
high	1
frequency	1
response,	1
and	1
so	1
sounds	1
very	1
boomy	1
and	1
full	1
of	1
bass,	1
making	1
it	1
almost	1
impossible	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
many	1
Bluetooth	1
devices	1
but	1
the	1
Voyager	1
510	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
of	1
the	1
bunch.	1
That	1
is,	1
until	1
you've	1
had	1
it	1
on	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
30	1
minutes	1
or	1
so.	1
Useless	1
for	1
32	1
gb	1
3gs.	1
In	1
the	1
past	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
an	1
iPod	1
type	1
user	1
but	1
now	1
find	1
myself	1
daily	1
using	1
both	1
the	1
Walkman	1
and	1
FM	1
radio	1
(again,	1
good	1
signals	1
in	1
our	1
area).	1
I	1
can	1
barely	1
hear	1
anything	1
with	1
it,	1
it	1
breaks	1
up	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Works	1
well,	1
slight	1
cosmetic	1
issue.	1
Good	1
item,	1
recommend.	1
With	1
all	1
due	1
respect	1
for	1
other	1
reviewers	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
because	1
it	1
works	1
perfectly	1
for	1
me.	1
Yes,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
perfect	1
accessory	1
for	1
the	1
quadriplegic	1
deaf	1
midget.	1
The	1
best	1
I	1
have	1
found.	1
First	1
time	1
when	1
I	1
plugged	1
in,	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
displayed	1
error	1
message	1
that	1
"Charging	1
Error,	1
remove	1
immediately".	1
I	1
stepped	1
away	1
to	1
test	1
the	1
range...	1
digital	1
static	1
and	1
crackle	1
on	1
my	1
end.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
after	1
Thanksgiving	1
2005	1
and	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
daily	1
without	1
any	1
problems.	1
With	1
the	1
changing	1
laws	1
concerning	1
hands-free	1
cellphone	1
use,	1
I	1
needed	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
daughter's	1
cars.	1
Not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
I'd	1
hoped.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
replace	1
a	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
T637.	1
While	1
this	1
is	1
standard	1
for	1
many	1
phones,	1
it	1
does	1
increase	1
your	1
investment.-No	1
customization	1
to	1
create	1
quick	1
access	1
to	1
your	1
most	1
common	1
functions.	1
That	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
thing	1
because,	1
combined,	1
these	1
two	1
batteries	1
don't	1
even	1
last	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
the	1
battery	1
they	1
were	1
intended	1
to	1
replace.	1
So	1
far	1
so	1
good...I	1
really	1
do	1
like	1
this	1
phone	1
when	1
it's	1
working.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great,and	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
trouble	1
at	1
all	1
with	1
hearing	1
or	1
talking	1
to	1
anyone	1
on	1
my	1
phone!	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
amazing.	1
Very	1
Disappointed-Not	1
As	1
Advertised!.	1
The	1
whole	1
process	1
turned	1
from	1
a	1
convenience	1
into	1
a	1
frustraing	1
experience.	1
Great	1
Value.	1
At	1
first	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
excited	1
because	1
this	1
was	1
my	1
frist	1
flip	1
phone.	1
dont	1
get	1
this	1
phone.	1
It	1
works	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
have	1
my	1
hands	1
free	1
when	1
talking	1
on	1
phone.	1
I	1
really	1
do	1
like	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
will	1
be	1
installing	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
for	1
my	1
mother-in-law	1
very	1
soon.	1
The	1
technology	1
in	1
this	1
little	1
piece	1
of	1
wonderfulness	1
is	1
amazing.	1
GRRRRRRR	1
The	1
phone	1
randomly	1
shuts	1
down	1
--twice	1
while	1
trying	1
to	1
type	1
this	1
review.	1
The	1
batteries	1
were	1
only	1
99	1
cents	1
apiece	1
plus	1
shipping.	1
Be	1
warier	1
still	1
of	1
signing	1
up	1
with	1
T-mobile	1
because	1
of	1
their	1
&quot;buyer	1
beware&quot;	1
policy.	1
Clear	1
hearing	1
for	1
both	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
line.Would	1
rate	1
as	1
5	1
stars	1
if	1
it	1
was	1
possible	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
through	1
USB	1
connection.	1
DON'T	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
ITEM	1
-	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
could	1
give	1
it	1
-0-	1
stars.	1
I	1
also	1
made	1
sure	1
to	1
check	1
my	1
phone	1
was	1
on	1
the	1
800	1
mhz	1
frequency	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
that	1
isn't	1
the	1
problem.	1
And	1
I	1
too	1
have	1
friends	1
that	1
have	1
been	1
burned	1
by	1
this	1
phone.	1
It's	1
not	1
a	1
total	1
loss	1
since	1
it	1
still	1
charges	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
got	1
these	1
for	1
my	1
kids	1
to	1
you	1
when	1
they	1
listen	1
to	1
music	1
on	1
there	1
phones.	1
In	1
front	1
it	1
extends	1
about	1
1/16"	1
proud	1
of	1
the	1
screen	1
in	1
front	1
so	1
the	1
screen	1
is	1
cushioned	1
from	1
the	1
surface	1
if	1
the	1
Note	1
is	1
placed	1
screen	1
down.	1
There	1
are	1
no	1
drivers,	1
so	1
the	1
special	1
functions	1
do	1
not	1
work,	1
i.e.	1
After	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks,	1
I	1
contacted	1
the	1
seller.	1
It	1
ALMOST	1
fit,	1
which	1
make	1
it	1
about	1
as	1
useful	1
as...	1
well	1
a	1
charger	1
you	1
can	1
ALMOST	1
plug	1
into	1
your	1
phone.	1
Ringtone	1
selection	1
is	1
slim,	1
but	1
viable.	1
I	1
buy	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
girlfriend	1
and	1
she	1
loves	1
it...	1
has	1
almost	1
all	1
functions	1
of	1
the	1
Razors	1
&	1
K1	1
with	1
extra	1
funny	1
animations.	1
Overall,	1
great	1
product.	1
If	1
I	1
have	1
9	1
speed	1
dial	1
numbers	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
at	1
least	1
that	1
many	1
ringtones	1
to	1
know	1
when	1
some	1
of	1
these	1
supposedly	1
important	1
contacts	1
calls	1
me.	1
Blackberry	1
Curve	1
users?	1
The	1
OS	1
has	1
been	1
updated	1
from	1
the	1
V600	1
and	1
it's	1
a	1
lot	1
more	1
stable	1
than	1
the	1
V600's.	1
Weak	1
product,	1
with	1
frustrating	1
support	1
from	1
Boxwave.	1
Otherwise	1
you're	1
on	1
your	1
own.	1
The	1
original	1
battery	1
still	1
worked	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
starting	1
to	1
bulge.	1
Consider	1
yourself	1
warned.	1
The	1
Bluetooth	1
protocol	1
really	1
slows	1
down	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
LGVX8300.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this!!!!!	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
extended	1
battery	1
and	1
I	1
maybe	1
get	1
1	1
full	1
day	1
of	1
life	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
always	1
like	1
playing	1
it.	1
After	1
receiving	1
the	1
screen	1
protector	1
and	1
applying	1
it.	1
Helmet	1
Intercom.	1
I	1
read	1
the	1
bad	1
reviews	1
here,	1
but	1
thought	1
to	1
myself	1
"i've	1
never	1
seen	1
a	1
bad	1
sony	1
product,	1
so	1
take	1
the	1
plunge!"	1
I	1
can't	1
wait	1
till	1
my	1
contract	1
is	1
up,	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
model	1
phone.	1
Buttons	1
are	1
a	1
bit	1
strange,	1
but	1
nothing	1
one	1
can't	1
get	1
used	1
to.	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
time.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
it.	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
would	1
love	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
wanted	1
to	1
download	1
my	1
nursing	1
software	1
on	1
it.	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
use	1
the	1
extendable	1
antennae.	1
First,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
headset.	1
It	1
is	1
lightweight	1
and	1
cheap	1
but	1
hey,	1
I've	1
totally	1
gotten	1
my	1
moneys	1
worth	1
out	1
of	1
china	1
with	1
this	1
one!	1
Fast	1
delivery.	1
I	1
plugged	1
the	1
charger	1
into	1
the	1
first	1
phone	1
that	1
was	1
waiting	1
to	1
be	1
returned	1
and	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
happened,	1
"Not	1
Charging"	1
msg	1
appeared.	1
Good	1
Blue	1
Tooth	1
for	1
a	1
nominal	1
use	1
My	1
son	1
liked	1
the	1
look	1
of	1
the	1
headset	1
but	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
he	1
purchase	1
it.	1
I	1
am	1
forceed	1
to	1
stay	1
with	1
T-Mobile	1
or	1
face	1
a	1
$200	1
early	1
termination	1
fee	1
for	1
both	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
my	1
air	1
card.	1
517-887-5856	1
or	1
call	1
1800BeHoly!	1
The	1
call	1
log	1
shows	1
as	1
Failed.	1
Misdescriptive.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product	1
that	1
does	1
its	1
job	1
well.	1
Palm	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
company	1
once,	1
now	1
they	1
have	1
got	1
their	1
heads	1
up	1
their	1
#&(&^$#(.	1
Great	1
Bluetooth.	1
Durable	1
head	1
set	1
and	1
doubles	1
as	1
a	1
converter.	1
I	1
started	1
using	1
it	1
and	1
the	1
earpiece	1
completely	1
died	1
after	1
about	1
two	1
minutes	1
of	1
use.	1
Nice	1
feature	1
set	1
-	1
VGA	1
camera,	1
video,	1
bluetooth,	1
themes,	1
voice	1
recording,	1
etc.5.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
setup	1
it	1
up	1
as	1
a	1
BT	1
Headset	1
instead	1
of	1
just	1
paiing	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
They	1
were	1
in	1
a	1
small	1
zip	1
log	1
bag	1
when	1
I	1
received	1
them.	1
No	1
Assistance.	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
cables.	1
You	1
can	1
set	1
videos	1
as	1
your	1
backround,	1
there	1
are	1
many	1
different	1
writing	1
fonts.	1
Battery	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
my	1
phone.	1
not	1
to	1
worry	1
though	1
as	1
i	1
got	1
what	1
i	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
just	1
as	1
cheap	1
and	1
in	1
cases	1
cheaper	1
on	1
EBAY	1
AUSTRALIA.thanks.	1
Had	1
to	1
take	1
battery	1
out	1
to	1
reset	1
and	1
put	1
screen	1
back	1
on,	1
just	1
to	1
have	1
it	1
continually	1
repeat.	1
We	1
have	1
used	1
their	1
products	1
loyally	1
for	1
over	1
4	1
years.	1
The	1
handsfree	1
set	1
is	1
useless	1
due	1
to	1
inferior	1
voice	1
quality.	1
It	1
kept	1
switching	1
from	1
side	1
one	1
to	1
side	1
two	1
and	1
then	1
ejecting	1
itself	1
from	1
the	1
tape	1
deck	1
about	1
every	1
thirty	1
seconds.	1
The	1
screen	1
protector	1
includes	1
an	1
application	1
kit	1
-	1
a	1
small	1
plastic	1
card	1
and	1
micro-fiber	1
like	1
cloth.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
International	1
Galaxy	1
note	1
N7000	1
and	1
it	1
fits	1
great.	1
poor	1
usability.	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
item	1
in	1
red	1
bubble	1
wrap	1
that	1
had	1
a	1
made	1
in	1
china	1
sticker	1
on	1
it.	1
Great	1
Device.	1
Let	1
me	1
start	1
by	1
telling	1
you	1
that	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
heavy	1
business	1
cell	1
phone	1
user.	1
Poor	1
sound	1
quality.	1
The	1
calendar	1
synchronization	1
does	1
not	1
work..	1
The	1
phone	1
I	1
got	1
is	1
defective.	1
T-616	1
sucks.	1
Definitely	1
worth	1
the	1
money!	1
Good	1
basic	1
phone.	1
Clear	1
directions	1
and	1
easy	1
set	1
up.Makes	1
talking	1
while	1
driving	1
MUCH	1
easier.	1
The	1
only	1
good	1
thing	1
about	1
this	1
model	1
is	1
that	1
it's	1
no	1
worse	1
than	1
its	1
competitors.	1
Its	1
not	1
that	1
big	1
of	1
a	1
deal.	1
Doesn't	1
want	1
to	1
work.	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
this	1
last	1
weekend	1
and	1
so	1
far	1
am	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
if	1
you	1
haven't	1
activated	1
your	1
tracfone	1
yet	1
then	1
the	1
'refer	1
a	1
friend	1
program'	1
will	1
give	1
each	1
of	1
us	1
100	1
free	1
minutes.	1
Tried	1
two	1
computers	1
using	1
the	1
directions	1
to	1
the	1
T	1
and	1
nothing.	1
It	1
may	1
just	1
be	1
my	1
phone's	1
output,	1
yet	1
I	1
do	1
wish	1
the	1
speaker	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
louder	1
sometimes.	1
I	1
feel	1
so	1
fortunate	1
to	1
have	1
found	1
this	1
item.	1
Great	1
Cover.	1
I	1
don't	1
understand	1
why	1
the	1
phone	1
even	1
has	1
a	1
drafts	1
function	1
since	1
you	1
cannot	1
even	1
manually	1
save	1
a	1
text	1
message	1
to	1
the	1
drafts.	1
)-	1
Although	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
the	1
feature	1
of	1
Multimedia	1
Messaging	1
(MMS),	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
it	1
unlocked,	1
this	1
feature	1
will	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
AT&T;	1
service.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
have	1
bothered	1
buying	1
this.	1
No	1
way	1
for	1
people	1
to	1
get	1
in	1
touch	1
with	1
you.	1
It	1
only	1
worked	1
for	1
a	1
month!!	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
perfect.	1
Not	1
quite	1
as	1
represented,	1
but	1
functional,	1
and	1
a	1
great	1
price.	1
This	1
was	1
on	1
icing	1
on	1
the	1
cake	1
after	1
2	1
years	1
of	1
absolutely	1
amazingy	1
bad	1
service	1
from	1
nextel.	1
I	1
used	1
a	1
sharp	1
knife	1
blade	1
with	1
minimal	1
damage	1
to	1
the	1
case.	1
If	1
I	1
had	1
brought	1
it	1
in	1
before	1
the	1
year	1
was	1
up	1
Motorola	1
would	1
replace	1
the	1
whole	1
unit,	1
but	1
since	1
the	1
year	1
was	1
up	1
I	1
was	1
SOL.	1
Do	1
not	1
waist	1
your	1
time.	1
This	1
causes	1
the	1
flap	1
to	1
be	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
pouch	1
instead	1
of	1
the	1
top	1
and	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
for	1
phone	1
to	1
fall	1
out	1
when	1
used	1
horizontally.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
the	1
TuneTalk	1
in	1
my	1
8th	1
grade	1
classroom	1
for	1
several	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
useful	1
way	1
of	1
recording	1
students'	1
reactions	1
or	1
thoughts.	1
Does	1
exactly	1
what	1
is	1
it	1
supposed	1
to	1
do..	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
product	1
now	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
honestly,	1
I	1
have	1
absolutely	1
no	1
complaints	1
with	1
it.	1
I	1
sent	1
the	1
item	1
back,	1
and	1
Amazon	1
gave	1
me	1
a	1
full	1
refund.	1
Stylish,	1
low	1
profile,	1
and	1
just	1
grippy	1
enough.	1
Be	1
Careful.	1
If	1
you	1
move	1
more	1
than	1
4	1
feet	1
away	1
from	1
your	1
phone,	1
you	1
get	1
a	1
ton	1
of	1
static.	1
weight.......suggests	1
that	1
this	1
could	1
have	1
been	1
sent	1
faster	1
than	1
the	1
suggested	1
7-10	1
days	1
for	1
snail	1
mail	1
from	1
coast	1
to	1
coast.	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
discomfort	1
after	1
long	1
periods	1
of	1
use.	1
Bad	1
product,	1
not	1
even	1
sealed	1
when	1
it	1
arrived....	1
I	1
suspect	1
these	1
batteries	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
or	1
refurbished.	1
Great	1
product	1
overall!.	1
Some	1
people	1
have	1
also	1
complained	1
that	1
the	1
mic	1
picks	1
up	1
lots	1
of	1
ambient	1
noise.	1
Look	1
no	1
further.	1
In	1
the	1
past,	1
I've	1
tried	1
to	1
steer	1
clear	1
of	1
FM	1
transmitters	1
because	1
they	1
just	1
don't	1
deliver	1
great	1
sound.	1
This	1
is	1
really	1
remarkable	1
considering	1
that	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
air	1
interface	1
is	1
not	1
considered	1
high	1
fidelity.	1
mis	1
guided	1
information.	1
Better	1
then	1
a	1
flip!.	1
So,	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
cheap	1
car	1
charger	1
and	1
don't	1
care	1
about	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
or	1
case	1
then	1
this	1
a	1
great	1
deal.	1
My	1
supplier	1
(not	1
Amazon)	1
doesn't	1
want	1
to	1
know	1
and,	1
just	1
to	1
add	1
insult	1
to	1
injury	1
-	1
their	1
only	1
&quot;solution&quot;	1
of	1
new	1
clips	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
even	1
if	1
it's	1
$5.00.	1
I	1
inserted	1
it	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
reported	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
formatted.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
unit	1
to	1
anyone	1
wanting	1
a	1
quality	1
bluetooth.	1
Especially	1
ridiculous	1
with	1
Gmail.	1
Perfect	1
teenage	1
or	1
college	1
kid	1
phone.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
two	1
Motorola's	1
headsets	1
I've	1
had	1
in	1
the	1
past.	1
Lenmar	1
Replacement	1
Battery	1
for	1
iPod	1
classic.	1
I	1
often	1
got	1
complaints	1
from	1
callers	1
that	1
they	1
couldn't	1
really	1
understand	1
me	1
because	1
I	1
sounded	1
muffled.	1
I	1
play	1
with	1
phones	1
all	1
day	1
long	1
and	1
I	1
usually	1
know	1
how	1
to	1
do	1
just	1
about	1
everything	1
on	1
any	1
given	1
phone	1
within	1
a	1
few	1
days.	1
And	1
then	1
when	1
I	1
would	1
talk	1
to	1
my	1
husband	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
he	1
said	1
I	1
sounded	1
horrible	1
on	1
his	1
side.	1
Simply	1
...	1
dreadful.	1
I	1
love	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
record	1
important	1
conversations	1
or	1
events	1
for	1
my	1
own	1
private	1
use.	1
This	1
product	1
does	1
Work..	1
I	1
didn't	1
think	1
this	1
product	1
would	1
work.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
is	1
the	1
tone	1
editor,	1
the	1
bit	1
rate	1
is	1
32Kbps.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
I	1
forget	1
I'm	1
wearing	1
it.	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
years.	1
Neither	1
bad	1
nor	1
good.	1
Since	1
they	1
didn't	1
send	1
me	1
the	1
right	1
batteries	1
the	1
first	1
time,	1
why	1
would	1
I	1
think	1
they	1
would	1
send	1
me	1
the	1
right	1
ones	1
the	1
next	1
time?	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
buy	1
a	1
charger	1
from	1
Amazon	1
againUltra	1
Slim	1
Travel	1
Charger	1
for	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Z500a,	1
S710a	1
Usually	1
it	1
will	1
delete	1
pertinent	1
information	1
and	1
restore	1
deleted	1
infromation.	1
It's	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
accidentally	1
hit	1
the	1
track	1
forward/back	1
button	1
when	1
putting	1
the	1
headphones	1
on.	1
NEEDS	1
TRYING	1
DIFFERENTPOSITIONS	1
IN	1
EAR	1
TO	1
FIND	1
BEST	1
FIT	1
AND	1
SIZE.	1
This	1
Stylus	1
feels	1
much	1
more	1
like	1
a	1
pen	1
than	1
the	1
original	1
asus	1
stylus.	1
Very	1
irritating!BoxWave	1
HTC	1
Titan	1
Armor	1
Case	1
-	1
The	1
Metal	1
Case,	1
Heavy	1
Duty	1
Protective	1
Case	1
(Jet	1
Black)	1
When	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
leather	1
case	1
was	1
less	1
than	1
the	1
shipping	1
I	1
had	1
two	1
thoughts	1
It	1
was	1
fully	1
charged	1
when	1
it	1
arrived,	1
which	1
told	1
me	1
it	1
wasn't	1
fresh	1
and	1
new.	1
The	1
headset	1
was	1
delivered	1
as	1
promised	1
and,	1
so	1
far,	1
has	1
performed	1
well;	1
I	1
have	1
hopes	1
for	1
it	1
over	1
the	1
long	1
run.	1
let	1
me	1
start	1
by	1
saying	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
ppc	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had,	1
I	1
am	1
comparing	1
it	1
to	1
a	1
treo	1
650,	1
sony	1
clie	1
ux50,	1
zire	1
71,	1
and	1
backberry.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
complaint	1
on	1
the	1
vendor,	1
but	1
merchandise	1
does	1
not	1
meet	1
my	1
expectations.	1
Save	1
your	1
money	1
and	1
look	1
into	1
a	1
phone	1
that's	1
easier	1
to	1
use	1
than	1
this	1
one.	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
ton	1
of	1
talk	1
time	1
(at	1
least	1
6	1
hours,	1
i	1
would	1
say)...but	1
the	1
reception	1
just	1
plain	1
sucks.	1
Bad	1
experience.	1
The	1
first	1
headset	1
had	1
so	1
much	1
static	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
unusable.	1
Worst	1
Treo	1
ever!.	1
It's	1
decent,	1
and	1
better	1
than	1
holding	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
driving,	1
but	1
I'd	1
like	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
newer	1
headsets	1
have	1
improved	1
on	1
any	1
of	1
the	1
features.	1
In	1
addition,	1
it	1
makes	1
a	1
really	1
cute	1
looking	1
phone	1
(Motorola	1
V60)	1
look	1
ugly.	1
Extremely	1
handy	1
&	1
nice.	1
Save	1
your	1
money	1
and	1
buy	1
something	1
else.	1
Blackberry	1
Lambskin	1
Swivel	1
Case.	1
It	1
really	1
is	1
too	1
bad...I	1
detest	1
the	1
earpieces	1
and	1
am	1
going	1
to	1
have	1
to	1
switch	1
over	1
to	1
one	1
if	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
speak	1
longer	1
than	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
minutes.	1
Plantronics	1
910,	1
however,	1
is	1
amazing.	1
I	1
dont	1
really	1
care	1
for	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
since	1
its	1
pointless	1
being	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
feet	1
away	1
from	1
me,	1
unless	1
using	1
to	1
transfer	1
to	1
pcs	1
or	1
somethin.	1
It	1
is	1
broken	1
too.	1
Motorola	1
V551	1
=	1
Perfect.	1
Of	1
course	1
Amazon	1
is	1
sending	1
a	1
replacement,	1
so	1
that	1
issue	1
is	1
solved.	1
For	1
the	1
almost	1
$50	1
price	1
tag	1
i	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
better	1
quality	1
since	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
step	1
up	1
from	1
the	1
entry	1
level	1
bluetooth.	1
Everything	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
working	1
out	1
perfectly	1
and	1
this	1
new	1
phone	1
accessory	1
is	1
sweet.	1
It	1
does	1
have	1
Voice	1
Memo,	1
an	1
undocumented	1
feature	1
that	1
Verizon	1
Support	1
couldn't	1
find	1
either.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
not	1
to	1
put	1
yourself	1
through	1
the	1
hassles	1
encountered	1
by	1
many	1
people	1
who	1
got	1
stuck	1
with	1
it.	1
I've	1
tried	1
to	1
get	1
in	1
touch	1
with	1
them	1
mulitple	1
times	1
and	1
no	1
one	1
returns	1
my	1
emails.	1
I	1
bought	1
their	1
'leather'	1
case,	1
and	1
was	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
As	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
design	1
it's	1
nothing,	1
a	1
grey	1
plastic	1
box	1
with	1
non-descript	1
buttons	1
that	1
bulks	1
up	1
the	1
phone	1
by	1
clipping	1
on	1
the	1
bottom.	1
The	1
phone's	1
built	1
in	1
70MB	1
memory	1
can	1
store	1
approximately	1
30	1
MINUTES	1
of	1
continuous	1
video,	1
at	1
the	1
highest	1
resolution.	1
Battery	1
doesn't	1
charge	1
fully,	1
last	1
about	1
12-13	1
hours,	1
then	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
plug	1
it	1
in.	1
overall	1
a	1
good	1
phone	1
Cute,	1
But......	1
Where's	1
the	1
dragon?.	1
No	1
worries.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
bose	1
on-ear	1
headphones	1
instead	1
and	1
even	1
though	1
they	1
are	1
wired,	1
they	1
sound	1
absolutely	1
fantastic.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
prepaid	1
deal	1
by	1
far,	1
you	1
won't	1
be	1
dissapointed.	1
Everybody	1
I	1
speak	1
to	1
says	1
they	1
hear	1
me	1
fine	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
my	1
calls	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
getting	1
it	1
from	1
another	1
supplier	1
in	1
Japan	1
at	1
a	1
reasonably	1
price.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
year,	1
and	1
I	1
cannot	1
stand	1
it!	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
iphone	1
3gs.	1
The	1
second	1
case	1
was	1
identical	1
to	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
(it	1
didn't	1
fit	1
either).	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
smooth	1
feel	1
that	1
may	1
surpass	1
that	1
of	1
a	1
regular	1
iPod.It's	1
important	1
to	1
reiterate	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
cellphone	1
case	1
18	1
months	1
ago	1
to	1
protect	1
my	1
Sanyo	1
7050	1
rugged-duty	1
cellphone.	1
It	1
measures	1
up	1
to	1
the	1
other	1
Jabra	1
products	1
that	1
I've	1
used	1
in	1
the	1
past.	1
Another	1
dissapointment!.	1
Dock	1
doesn't	1
work	1
as	1
a	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
still	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
so	1
big,	1
but	1
I	1
will	1
accept	1
it	1
because	1
everything	1
else	1
is	1
good.	1
Nice	1
Phone.	1
Within	1
the	1
last	1
month,	1
both	1
of	1
them	1
developed	1
the	1
same	1
problem	1
-	1
the	1
video	1
screen	1
stopped	1
working.	1
I	1
tend	1
to	1
be	1
hard	1
on	1
electronics	1
and	1
figure	1
it	1
is	1
because	1
I	1
keep	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
pocket.	1
They	1
say	1
it	1
sounds	1
as	1
though	1
I	1
was	1
standing	1
under	1
the	1
flight	1
path	1
of	1
a	1
jumbo	1
jet	1
during	1
landing	1
or	1
takeoff.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for..	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
my	1
office	1
phone	1
and	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
be	1
happier.	1
The	1
case	1
was	1
in	1
a	1
padded	1
envelope	1
shipped	1
via	1
the	1
USPS	1
and	1
only	1
took	1
a	1
handful	1
of	1
days	1
to	1
arrive.P.S.	1
I	1
have	1
friends	1
with	1
the	1
Treo	1
650	1
that	1
use	1
the	1
Cardo	1
500	1
model	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
fine.	1
I've	1
had	1
mine	1
in	1
use	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
now,	1
and	1
within	1
that	1
month	1
talk	1
time	1
has	1
dropped	1
from	1
about	1
7	1
hours	1
to	1
less	1
than	1
2.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
business	1
user	1
who	1
wanted	1
to	1
combine	1
my	1
HP	1
IPAQ	1
1945	1
and	1
my	1
Motorola	1
V550	1
Cell	1
phone	1
into	1
one	1
device.	1
Not	1
a	1
real	1
OEM	1
battery.	1
no	1
problems	1
after	1
two	1
months.	1
IT	1
sucks,they	1
call	1
it	1
a	1
charger	1
for	1
creative	1
zen	1
micro	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
actually	1
CHARGE	1
your	1
zen	1
micro.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this.	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
all	1
the	1
major	1
features	1
without	1
it.	1
nothing	1
but	1
problems.	1
Finally,	1
Cingular	1
has	1
removed	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
set	1
message	1
tones.	1
amazon	1
tmobile	1
package.	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
flat!	1
Great	1
Product,	1
Great	1
Price.	1
The	1
cost	1
is	1
only	1
$29.95	1
a	1
month	1
for	1
full	1
wireless	1
internet.	1
I've	1
tried	1
expensive,	1
I've	1
tried	1
cheap,	1
I've	1
tried	1
middle	1
of	1
the	1
road.	1
Memory	1
goes	1
up	1
quick,	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
even	1
loud,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
soft	1
key	1
buttons.	1
This	1
Bluetooth	1
makes	1
me	1
blue!.	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
originally	1
it	1
came	1
up	1
as	1
a	1
charger	1
for	1
the	1
lifedrive,	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
say	1
that	1
on	1
anything	1
I'm	1
seeing	1
now.	1
The	1
pictures	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
shot	1
are	1
stunning.	1
It	1
would	1
worked	1
sometimes,but	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
it	1
was	1
choppy	1
and	1
very	1
irritating.	1
Never	1
Received	1
Them.	1
The	1
case	1
is	1
big	1
and	1
bulky.	1
The	1
tech	1
support	1
people	1
have	1
told	1
me	1
before	1
they	1
know	1
it	1
has	1
inferior	1
service.	1
Works	1
like	1
a	1
charm	1
and	1
very	1
satisified.	1
The	1
skin	1
is	1
very	1
useful,	1
but	1
can	1
be	1
improved	1
on	1
ways	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
take	1
it	1
off.	1
The	1
belt	1
clip	1
is	1
tight	1
and	1
has	1
not	1
fallen	1
off	1
my	1
belt.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
item.	1
Fine	1
for	1
the	1
price..	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
BT	1
headset.	1
I'm	1
running	1
W2K	1
SP4	1
with	1
all	1
updates.I	1
don't	1
have	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
my	1
usb	1
ports	1
or	1
my	1
phones;	1
both	1
of	1
which	1
are	1
the	1
same	1
model.	1
Even	1
that	1
is	1
no	1
big	1
deal,	1
as	1
the	1
worst	1
thing	1
that	1
can	1
happen	1
is	1
you	1
will	1
only	1
get	1
about	1
1	1
weeks	1
worth	1
of	1
usage	1
before	1
needing	1
to	1
charge.	1
The	1
Ringer	1
ID	1
and	1
Pic	1
ID	1
is	1
great.	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
battery	1
every	1
night	1
just	1
in	1
case	1
it	1
won't	1
shut	1
off	1
during	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
tomorrow.Recommendation	1
but	1
I'd	1
rather	1
just	1
have	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
or	1
near	1
me	1
anyways.	1
hands	1
free	1
heaven.	1
Great,	1
functional,	1
affordable	1
fun,	1
but......	1
The	1
Samsung	1
M500	1
phone	1
is	1
an	1
amazing	1
phone.	1
Too	1
frustrating.Obviously	1
(from	1
reading	1
the	1
reviews)	1
it	1
loads	1
more	1
easily	1
on	1
some	1
other	1
pocket	1
devices.	1
On	1
the	1
other	1
hand,	1
I'm	1
glad	1
the	1
velcro	1
holds	1
on	1
tight.	1
What	1
did	1
warrant	1
the	1
1	1
star	1
rating	1
was	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
No	1
eye	1
strain.	1
no	1
good	1
4	1
me.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend.	1
The	1
on/off	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
mike	1
rattles	1
audibly.	1
Very	1
Nice	1
Keyboard.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
permanently	1
installed	1
this	1
product	1
yet	1
and	1
am	1
hoping	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
even	1
better	1
when	1
antenna	1
is	1
mounted	1
outside.	1
hi,	1
greeting	1
I	1
made	1
my	1
purchase	1
from	1
Tegucigalpa	1
Honduras,	1
and	1
the	1
delivery	1
was	1
for	1
MARYLAN,	1
20912	1
M.D.	1
However,	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
through	1
Cingular	1
in	1
the	1
U.S.,	1
you're	1
limited	1
to	1
the	1
128	1
MB	1
card	1
and	1
only	1
up	1
to	1
100	1
songs	1
on	1
your	1
iTunes.	1
It	1
was	1
too	1
much	1
work	1
and	1
money	1
to	1
send	1
it	1
back.	1
If	1
your	1
noggin	1
is	1
something	1
comparable	1
to	1
that	1
of	1
an	1
eighth-grader,	1
perhaps	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
perfect	1
headset	1
for	1
you.	1
Not	1
the	1
quality	1
I	1
expected..	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
pouch	1
that	1
I	1
purchased	1
directly	1
from	1
Motorola	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
is	1
a	1
heck	1
of	1
a	1
lot	1
better.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
VX8100	1
and	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
on	1
that	1
product	1
as	1
promised.	1
Thumbs	1
up	1
for	1
this	1
product!!!!!	1
Hands	1
Free	1
Unit	1
re	1
Quallcom	1
2700	1
phone.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
Pitiful	1
power.	1
What	1
ever	1
you	1
do,	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE!!!!	1
dissapointing....	1
we	1
picked	1
up	1
2.	1
our	1
prior	1
phones	1
were	1
an	1
older	1
treo	1
&	1
another	1
samsung	1
flip	1
type	1
phone.	1
Charge	1
lasts	1
longer	1
than	1
origional	1
due	1
to	1
following	1
instructions	1
of	1
vendor.	1
Just	1
got	1
it	1
and	1
like	1
it	1
so	1
far..	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
this	1
from	1
bestbuy	1
(they	1
price	1
matched	1
Target's	1
price	1
of	1
$59.	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
this	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days,	1
but	1
so	1
far	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
seems	1
great	1
as	1
well.	1
You	1
won't	1
know	1
this	1
until	1
they	1
tell	1
you...	1
Amazon	1
replaced	1
that	1
one	1
for	1
me,	1
yet,	1
unfortunately,	1
the	1
replacement	1
is	1
just	1
as	1
bad.	1
Often	1
I	1
forget	1
I	1
have	1
it	1
on,	1
except	1
for	1
the	1
strange	1
looks	1
and	1
comments	1
from	1
people.	1
I	1
discovered	1
post	1
after	1
post	1
of	1
this	1
same	1
problem	1
and	1
the	1
tech	1
had	1
no	1
answer	1
that	1
corrects	1
it.	1
I	1
didn't	1
want	1
anything	1
going	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
since	1
I've	1
tried	1
those	1
before	1
with	1
poor	1
results.	1
I	1
like	1
this	1
phone--	1
it	1
doesn't	1
get	1
hot	1
like	1
my	1
old	1
dinosaur	1
did.	1
Bottom	1
line	1
--	1
don't	1
bother.	1
Can	1
not	1
beat	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Does	1
not	1
protect	1
the	1
top	1
corners.	1
I	1
followed	1
the	1
directions	1
properly.	1
A	1
great	1
idea.	1
You	1
need	1
this.	1
4th	1
Pink	1
RAZR	1
(Verizon	1
Wireless).	1
Love	1
this	1
headset.	1
Battery	1
does	1
not	1
hold	1
a	1
charge.	1
The	1
package	1
came	1
as	1
expected,	1
it	1
was	1
nicely	1
packaged,	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
new	1
Jawbone.	1
It	1
is	1
NOT	1
a	1
USB	1
cable,	1
as	1
I	1
was	1
led	1
to	1
believe	1
when	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
to	1
replace	1
my	1
original	1
one	1
that	1
got	1
bent.	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
had	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
devices.	1
Bought	1
the	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
GC89	1
wireless	1
card	1
one	1
year	1
ago.	1
not	1
very	1
good.	1
This	1
beautiful-looking	1
pouch	1
will	1
pop	1
open	1
if	1
you	1
jog	1
a	1
step	1
or	1
two	1
while	1
crossing	1
the	1
street.	1
!Works	1
great	1
as	1
a	1
stereo	1
listening	1
headset...	1
I	1
recommend	1
the	1
T-Mobile	1
version	1
however	1
because	1
the	1
rate	1
plans	1
are	1
much	1
better	1
at	1
about	1
half	1
what	1
Cingular	1
charges.	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
would	1
be	1
the	1
cost	1
for	1
shipping.	1
The	1
600mAh	1
version	1
rapidly	1
discharges	1
(dies)	1
during	1
conversations	1
and	1
soon	1
looses	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
hold	1
a	1
charge.	1
Walls	1
have	1
not	1
presented	1
a	1
problem	1
so	1
far.The	1
dual	1
batteries	1
are	1
a	1
WONDERFUL	1
idea.	1
Am	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
OEM	1
Batteries	1
are	1
junk.	1
People	1
with	1
smaller	1
earlobes	1
could	1
have	1
a	1
problem.	1
Great	1
phone.	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
defective	1
or	1
what,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
no	1
good	1
for	1
me.	1
The	1
volume	1
control	1
doesn't	1
work	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
main	1
menu(the	1
initial	1
display	1
screen).	1
This	1
came	1
broken	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
bag.	1
Good	1
Instrument	1
!.	1
Good	1
As	1
New!.	1
And	1
the	1
worst	1
feature	1
is	1
a	1
camera	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
that	1
can	1
not	1
be	1
disabled.	1
The	1
other	1
person	1
can	1
not	1
ear	1
my	1
voice,	1
too	1
much	1
noise...This	1
headphone	1
replaced	1
a	1
HDW-3	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
very	1
good,	1
but	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
more.	1
Charged	1
it	1
overnight.	1
Reception	1
is	1
poor3.	1
The	1
other	1
problem	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
caller-ID	1
thing	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
seems	1
Sprint	1
has	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
a	1
ticking	1
sound	1
during	1
calls?	1
I've	1
owned	1
three	1
of	1
these	1
bad	1
boys	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
six	1
months.	1
Otherwise,	1
static.	1
No	1
adjustments...and	1
it	1
was	1
perfect!	1
It	1
supports	1
m4a,	1
mp3	1
and	1
aac	1
formats(and	1
a	1
few	1
other	1
formats)6.	1
Blackberry	1
owners	1
for	1
one	1
should	1
get	1
this	1
charger	1
since	1
the	1
large	1
screen	1
and	1
constant	1
data	1
connection	1
can	1
drain	1
your	1
battery	1
quickly.	1
If	1
you	1
can	1
live	1
with	1
this	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
right	1
headset	1
for	1
you,	1
if	1
not	1
then	1
steer	1
clear!	1
I	1
called	1
to	1
complain	1
and	1
was	1
faced	1
with	1
a	1
$240	1
bill.	1
I	1
have	1
control	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
numbers	1
he	1
or	1
she	1
can	1
call	1
and	1
receive.	1
i've	1
been	1
due	1
for	1
an	1
upgrade	1
for	1
quite	1
awhile	1
now	1
and	1
i	1
just	1
cant	1
part	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
It's	1
sturdy	1
and	1
has	1
lots	1
of	1
features.	1
Get	1
a	1
new	1
earpiece	1
or	1
take	1
the	1
one	1
in	1
the	1
package	1
and	1
you	1
are	1
set.	1
The	1
phone	1
sometimes	1
has	1
the	1
signal	1
drop	1
to	1
zero	1
bars	1
and	1
then	1
a	1
few	1
seconds	1
later	1
come	1
back	1
to	1
5	1
bars.	1
I	1
didn't	1
see	1
any	1
problem.	1
Or	1
a	1
least	1
a	1
great	1
fan	1
of	1
their	1
products!	1
If	1
your	1
income	1
is	1
as	1
limited	1
as	1
mine,	1
don't	1
waste	1
good	1
money	1
on	1
this	1
cheap	1
knock-off.	1
The	1
earbuds	1
are	1
poorly	1
designed	1
and	1
no	1
matter	1
what	1
I	1
do	1
they	1
fall	1
off	1
within	1
a	1
few	1
seconds.	1
The	1
phone	1
freezes	1
and	1
just	1
shuts	1
itself	1
off.	1
So	1
far	1
I'm	1
pretry	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
unit.	1
They	1
still	1
can	1
NOT	1
activate	1
my	1
phone.	1
nice	1
product.	1
I	1
wont	1
order	1
online	1
again.MOTOROLA	1
OEM	1
BR50	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
V3a	1
V3c	1
V3g	1
V3i	1
V3m	1
BATTERYMOTOROLA	1
OEM	1
BR50	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
V3a	1
V3c	1
V3g	1
V3i	1
V3m	1
BATTERY	1
Easy	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
replacement	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
older	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
supported	1
!!	1
But	1
that	1
is	1
no	1
problem	1
as	1
the	1
CD	1
has	1
a	1
readme	1
file	1
which	1
gives	1
you	1
the	1
website	1
to	1
download	1
the	1
software	1
that	1
is	1
necessary	1
for	1
the	1
cable.	1
However,	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
could	1
pair	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
more	1
than	1
one	1
device	1
at	1
a	1
time.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
wireless	1
aspect	1
of	1
these	1
headphones	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
sound	1
is	1
great.	1
Every	1
other	1
opening	1
however	1
has	1
plenty	1
of	1
space;	1
The	1
S	1
pen	1
slot,	1
headphones,	1
noise	1
canceling	1
mic,	1
mic,	1
camera,	1
speaker	1
all	1
have	1
plenty	1
of	1
space.	1
I'd	1
definately	1
recommend	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
an	1
E815.	1
Look	1
for	1
a	1
hack	1
on	1
the	1
Web	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
USB	1
cord	1
to	1
connect	1
this	1
as	1
a	1
wireless	1
modem	1
to	1
your	1
laptop	1
as	1
Bluetooth	1
is	1
locked	1
to	1
the	1
headset	1
use	1
only.	1
This	1
keyboard	1
is	1
great.	1
The	1
Blackjack	1
is	1
very	1
cute	1
and	1
slim.	1
(Possibly	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
reconditioned	1
phone?)	1
There	1
are	1
obviously	1
pluses	1
and	1
minuses	1
to	1
each	1
approach.The	1
Jabra	1
is	1
more	1
bulky	1
then	1
the	1
iCombi.	1
Either	1
way,	1
the	1
clip	1
works	1
for	1
me	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
I	1
don't	1
lower	1
the	1
visor.	1
It's	1
Fussy.	1
I	1
replaced	1
it	1
with	1
another	1
bluetooth,	1
because	1
I	1
couldn't	1
take	1
it	1
anymore.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
the	1
phone	1
or	1
Verizon	1
to	1
anyone!	1
15	1
days	1
ago	1
I	1
found	1
out	1
a	1
3	1
inch	1
scratch	1
on	1
my	1
HDTV	1
LCD	1
Sharp	1
Aquos	1
done	1
by	1
the	1
woman	1
that	1
cleans	1
my	1
apartment.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
put	1
the	1
base	1
next	1
to	1
the	1
headset	1
to	1
get	1
decent	1
sounds.	1
The	1
phone	1
and	1
phone	1
functions	1
are	1
great	1
but	1
after	1
having	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
3-4	1
months	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
no	1
longer	1
charge.	1
Plantronincs	1
apparently	1
cannot	1
get	1
it	1
through	1
their	1
heads	1
that	1
the	1
Discovery	1
640	1
series	1
charger	1
design	1
is	1
irreparably	1
flawed.	1
My	1
old	1
Samsung	1
lasted	1
2	1
1/2	1
years.	1
Bought	1
this	1
to	1
transfer	1
the	1
pictures	1
over	1
from	1
my	1
old	1
phone	1
to	1
my	1
computer	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work	1
on	1
either	1
a	1
mac	1
or	1
pc.	1
After	1
downloading	1
my	1
info	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
I	1
started	1
getting	1
"low	1
memory"	1
warnings.	1
The	1
Sonnet	1
battery	1
is	1
completely	1
lifeless.	1
But	1
I	1
am	1
writing	1
this	1
review	1
to	1
let	1
you	1
know	1
that	1
you	1
need	1
not	1
be	1
stuck!	1
BEST	1
CELL	1
EARPIECE	1
YET.	1
Fits	1
well,	1
makes	1
the	1
phone	1
less	1
slippery.	1
I	1
get	1
over	1
1	1
week	1
of	1
battery	1
life	1
out	1
of	1
a	1
single	1
charge	1
-	1
that	1
includes	1
talking	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
every	1
day.	1
When	1
the	1
unit's	1
power	1
gets	1
low,	1
the	1
side	1
light	1
blinks...after	1
the	1
charge	1
it	1
will	1
last	1
for	1
hours.	1
this	1
phone	1
tomorrow	1
@	1
Target	1
for	1
$99.99!SO	1
EXCITED!	1
NOT	1
FOR	1
BLACKBERRY	1
!!!!!.	1
This	1
phone	1
pretty	1
much	1
has	1
everything	1
you	1
could	1
ask	1
regarding	1
fetures.	1
Not	1
OEM	1
Quality.	1
I	1
was	1
surprised,	1
it	1
was	1
inexpensive	1
(approx	1
$7)	1
and	1
constructed	1
well.	1
IF	1
LOOKING	1
FOR	1
DURABILITY..THIS	1
IS	1
NOT	1
THE	1
PHONE	1
FOR	1
YOU!!.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
waiting	1
for	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year.	1
Also	1
great	1
battery	1
life.	1
This	1
adapter	1
performs	1
exactly	1
as	1
adverstised	1
I	1
purchased	1
two	1
of	1
this	1
item	1
one	1
came	1
with	1
a	1
7	1
amp	1
charger	1
the	1
other	1
one	1
did	1
notDO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
YOU	1
WILL	1
NOT	1
KNOW	1
WHAT	1
YOU	1
WILL	1
GET!!!!!	1
Unreliable	1
minikit.	1
works	1
great!.	1
I	1
would	1
definately	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
I	1
gave	1
a	1
few	1
more	1
hours	1
and	1
also	1
tried	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
treo	1
650	1
with	1
a	1
different	1
charger	1
-	1
still	1
nothing.	1
Plus	1
the	1
packages	1
had	1
been	1
opened	1
and	1
all	1
music	1
cds	1
were	1
removed.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
this	1
is	1
an	1
excellent,	1
albeit	1
pricey,	1
phone.	1
They	1
just	1
don't	1
work	1
well,	1
are	1
slow,	1
and	1
crash	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
There	1
was	1
no	1
mention	1
of	1
this	1
limitation	1
on	1
the	1
package.	1
The	1
Chocolate	1
only	1
has	1
one.	1
Pretty	1
useless.	1
This	1
headset	1
did	1
allow	1
me	1
to	1
hear	1
conversations	1
marginally	1
well,	1
but	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
was	1
unable	1
to	1
hear	1
me.	1
You	1
cannot	1
roam	1
using	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
pre-paid	1
babies,	1
subsequently	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
only	1
slightly	1
off	1
the	1
beaten	1
track,	1
you	1
are	1
S.O.L.Here's	1
my	1
example	1
It's	1
also	1
nice	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
vehicle	1
charger	1
(though	1
I	1
already	1
had	1
one)	1
and	1
the	1
wall	1
charger	1
(ditto).	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
fix	1
the	1
scratches	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I've	1
owned	1
a	1
Tracfone	1
for	1
3	1
years.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
case!	1
By	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
next	1
day	1
I'll	1
notice	1
my	1
battery	1
is	1
half	1
down,	1
so	1
I'll	1
HAVE	1
TO	1
charge	1
it	1
every	1
night.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
soooo	1
easy	1
to	1
carry...even	1
in	1
my	1
front	1
pocket.	1
Smudges	1
and	1
scratches	1
are	1
all	1
you	1
notice	1
plus	1
not	1
easy	1
to	1
see	1
In	1
bright	1
conditions	1
This	1
phone	1
could	1
be	1
considered	1
a	1
classic.	1
I	1
am	1
"GETTING	1
OUT	1
NOW"	1
and	1
exercising	1
my	1
right	1
to	1
cancel	1
within	1
the	1
allotted	1
15	1
days.	1
A	1
decent	1
mobile	1
for	1
a	1
price	1
you	1
pay.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
It's	1
advertised	1
as	1
a	1
33	1
foot	1
range,	1
2to3	1
foot	1
is	1
more	1
like	1
it.	1
Still	1
using.	1
the	1
AC	1
adapter	1
also	1
died	1
suddenly.	1
Sometimes	1
it	1
won't	1
turn	1
off	1
no	1
matter	1
how	1
many	1
times	1
you	1
press	1
the	1
"off"	1
switch.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
surprised	1
with	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
charger	1
being	1
that	1
is	1
was	1
only	1
$.01.	1
They	1
are	1
pretty	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
not	1
wearing	1
gloves.	1
But	1
be	1
wary!	1
So,	1
I	1
conclude	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
definitely	1
the	1
headset.I	1
tried	1
calling	1
different	1
people	1
on	1
different	1
times	1
of	1
the	1
day.	1
I	1
give	1
them	1
zero	1
stars!	1
Recomended.	1
One	1
of	1
these	1
times	1
it	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
pop	1
off	1
and	1
I	1
won't	1
notice	1
in	1
time	1
and	1
wind	1
up	1
losing	1
my	1
phone.	1
nothing	1
better	1
than	1
this.	1
The	1
phone	1
rings,	1
and	1
I	1
push	1
the	1
"answer"	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
headset.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
trade	1
it	1
for	1
anything.	1
I'm	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
unit.	1
That,	1
and	1
the	1
alarm	1
feature.	1
With	1
a	1
little	1
tweaking	1
i	1
worked	1
out	1
it's	1
earpeice	1
volume	1
problems.	1
It	1
seems	1
reasonably	1
sturdy,	1
but	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
it	1
would	1
hold	1
up	1
well	1
to	1
being	1
sat	1
on.	1
I've	1
used	1
it	1
with	1
devices	1
ranging	1
from	1
older	1
Windows	1
Mobile	1
to	1
an	1
iPad,	1
without	1
a	1
problem	1
and	1
literally	1
for	1
years.	1
if	1
I	1
could	1
I	1
would	1
take	1
it	1
back	1
and	1
get	1
anything	1
else	1
This	1
charger	1
is	1
a	1
cheap	1
piece	1
of	1
worthless	1
junk.	1
The	1
volume	1
could	1
stand	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
louder.	1
Materially	1
Different.	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
it	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
or	1
so.	1
Very	1
useful	1
with	1
2	1
standard	1
and	1
2	1
USB	1
outlets.	1
The	1
range	1
is	1
more	1
then	1
enough	1
and	1
allows	1
me	1
to	1
move	1
freely	1
within	1
the	1
office	1
and	1
other	1
ares.	1
I	1
have	1
experienced	1
none	1
of	1
the	1
problems	1
indicated	1
by	1
the	1
previous	1
reviewer.	1
I	1
was	1
surprised	1
on	1
the	1
first	1
day	1
to	1
see	1
the	1
iPod	1
shut	1
down	1
halfway	1
through	1
the	1
first	1
class	1
with	1
a	1
drained	1
battery.	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
great.	1
that	1
the	1
551	1
doesn't.	1
Then	1
I	1
realized	1
I'd	1
left	1
all	1
these	1
finger	1
prints	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
case	1
on.	1
This	1
problem	1
could	1
possibly	1
be	1
exclusive	1
to	1
the	1
BLACK	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
Frankly	1
it	1
really	1
wouldn't	1
even	1
be	1
worth	1
it	1
if	1
it	1
were	1
free.	1
I	1
was	1
e-mailed	1
by	1
the	1
costumer	1
service	1
rep,	1
offering	1
me	1
a	1
free	1
Bluetooth	1
headset.	1
I	1
can't	1
give	1
this	1
phone	1
5	1
stars	1
yet	1
because	1
I	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
use	1
it,	1
but	1
1st	1
impressions	1
are	1
great.	1
Now	1
we	1
can	1
have	1
the	1
best	1
of	1
both	1
worlds	1
at	1
our	1
computer.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
super	1
item	1
at	1
a	1
great	1
price	1
and	1
delivery	1
was	1
speedy.	1
I	1
don't	1
because	1
I	1
am	1
only	1
13.	1
I	1
had	1
an	1
old	1
motorola	1
S9	1
that	1
I	1
used	1
and	1
loved	1
forever,	1
with	1
none	1
of	1
these	1
sound	1
problems.	1
Bit	1
expensive	1
compared	1
to	1
other	1
options	1
in	1
the	1
market	1
but	1
worth	1
every	1
single	1
peny.	1
I	1
am	1
better	1
off	1
with	1
the	1
original	1
Nokia	1
battery	1
which	1
will	1
hold	1
charge	1
for	1
at	1
least	1
24	1
hrs.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
cause	1
I	1
can	1
have	1
the	1
windows	1
down	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
and	1
still	1
hear	1
the	1
other	1
person	1
and	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
great	1
they	1
say.	1
An	1
A680	1
using	1
the	1
extended	1
life	1
battery,	1
which	1
is	1
thicker	1
than	1
the	1
normal	1
battery,	1
will	1
not	1
fit	1
in	1
this	1
holder.	1
Otherwise	1
it's	1
nice.	1
I	1
had	1
Motorola	1
phones	1
up	1
until	1
this	1
point	1
and	1
was	1
very	1
satisfied	1
with	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
carrier	1
and	1
the	1
phones	1
I	1
had.	1
I'd	1
suggest	1
you	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
one...I'm	1
done	1
with	1
it.	1
(Time	1
spent	1
that	1
will	1
never	1
return...)	1
The	1
REP.	1
I	1
got	1
about	1
6	1
months	1
use	1
out	1
of	1
this.	1
More	1
bothersome,	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
non-Motorola	1
headsets	1
periodically	1
disconnect	1
from	1
the	1
phone.	1
Just	1
hope	1
your	1
phone	1
never	1
quits	1
working.	1
i	1
have	1
had	1
wireless	1
phones	1
for	1
10	1
years	1
and	1
have	1
never	1
damaged	1
one,	1
two	1
hinges	1
in	1
3	1
months	1
gave	1
out	1
on	1
me	1
with	1
this	1
horrible	1
hinge	1
design.	1
The	1
flap	1
with	1
the	1
magnet	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
stiff	1
when	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
pull	1
out	1
my	1
phone,	1
but	1
I	1
like	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
pretty	1
secure.	1
Yup,	1
it	1
works.	1
Overall	1
the	1
RAZR	1
is	1
a	1
huge	1
dissapointment.	1
Hum,	1
if	1
it	1
happened	1
the	1
same	1
way	1
twice,	1
then	1
it	1
probably	1
was	1
not	1
a	1
defect	1
but	1
something	1
I	1
was	1
doing	1
wrong.	1
It	1
all	1
worked	1
out	1
because	1
the	1
delivery	1
time	1
was	1
pleasantly	1
short	1
and	1
it's	1
a	1
value-for-money	1
offer!	1
Just	1
like	1
original.	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
PDA/smartphone	1
with	1
the	1
compact	1
size	1
and	1
functionality	1
of	1
a	1
normal	1
cellphone	1
you	1
might	1
want	1
the	1
Samsung.	1
the	1
phone	1
never	1
worked!!!.	1
I'm	1
still	1
sorting	1
through	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
more	1
humorous	1
sections	1
such	1
as	1
"Your	1
WAP	1
browser,"	1
"PUK	1
codes,"	1
and	1
"Potentially	1
explosive	1
atmospheres."	1
Excellent	1
phone,	1
horrible	1
Amazon,	1
terrible	1
Cingular.	1
I	1
usually	1
don't	1
write	1
reviews	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
deserves	1
it.	1
games	1
are	1
faster.	1
So	1
I	1
experimented	1
with	1
them	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
and	1
figured	1
it	1
out.	1
Make	1
sure	1
to	1
lock	1
the	1
keypad	1
when	1
you	1
aren't	1
using	1
the	1
phone.	1
Small	1
but	1
effective	1
!!.	1
But	1
hey,	1
it	1
looks	1
cool	1
even	1
though	1
2	1
cans	1
and	1
a	1
string	1
are	1
more	1
effective.	1
Based	1
on	1
some	1
research,	1
I	1
believe	1
this	1
is	1
due	1
to	1
cingulars	1
software......	1
Picky	1
Software.	1
I	1
like	1
to	1
wear	1
this	1
phone	1
on	1
my	1
belt	1
in	1
a	1
holster,	1
however,	1
that	1
is	1
too	1
far	1
away	1
for	1
the	1
H700.	1
I	1
give	1
this	1
head	1
set	1
2	1
thumbs	1
up.	1
So	1
I	1
contacted	1
Plaintronics	1
for	1
repair.	1
Any	1
amount	1
of	1
moisture	1
will	1
cause	1
it	1
to	1
stop	1
working,	1
and	1
it	1
ALWAYS	1
has	1
at	1
least	1
1	1
bar	1
less	1
service	1
than	1
my	1
friends'	1
phones	1
with	1
Cingular.	1
Just	1
throw	1
your	1
money	1
out	1
the	1
window	1
now,	1
it'll	1
save	1
time.	1
Next	1
complaint	1
is	1
not	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
hear	1
anything	1
that	1
does	1
make	1
it	1
through	1
the	1
speaker.	1
Snaps	1
onto	1
my	1
husband's	1
razr	1
and	1
keeps	1
it	1
from	1
getting	1
scratched.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
when	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
Razr	1
last	1
year	1
and	1
at	1
first	1
it	1
worked	1
okay.	1
It	1
also	1
made	1
it	1
very	1
hard	1
to	1
see	1
the	1
graphics,	1
even	1
in	1
the	1
spots	1
without	1
air	1
pockets.	1
Really	1
bad.	1
Range	1
is	1
not	1
far	1
at	1
all	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
the	1
reception	1
and	1
call	1
quality	1
is	1
far	1
better	1
than	1
expected.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the--P002	1
Works	1
fine,	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
Verizon's	1
$39!.	1
Would	1
not	1
buy	1
from	1
this	1
company	1
again.	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
reception	1
booster.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
small,	1
lightweight,	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
and	1
use.	1
Great	1
but	1
doesn't	1
fit!.	1
Good	1
stuff.	1
Okay	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Amazon	1
was	1
very	1
helpful	1
when	1
I	1
reported	1
the	1
problem	1
and	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
full	1
refund	1
after	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
headphone.	1
Do	1
NOT	1
buy	1
this	1
phone!	1
The	1
phone	1
displays	1
an	1
incompatible	1
charger	1
message	1
when	1
plugged	1
in.	1
Terrible	1
Clip.	1
If	1
you	1
hate	1
using	1
the	1
touch	1
screens,	1
get	1
this	1
phone!	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
that	1
I've	1
owned(this	1
is	1
the	1
5th	1
bluetooth	1
I've	1
owned).	1
When	1
I	1
contacted	1
the	1
seller	1
about	1
my	1
defective	1
USB	1
charger,	1
they	1
wanted	1
me	1
to	1
pay	1
to	1
ship	1
it	1
back.	1
Trying	1
to	1
make	1
my	1
husband's	1
old	1
phone	1
last,	1
I	1
ordered	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
chargers.	1
It's	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
few	1
phones	1
that	1
is	1
Wi-Fi	1
capable.	1
I	1
did	1
originally	1
want	1
one	1
with	1
a	1
belt	1
loop	1
option,	1
but	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
has	1
been	1
perfect,	1
and	1
actually,	1
quite	1
sensible.	1
*does	1
not	1
feel	1
secure	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
is	1
a	1
real	1
pain	1
to	1
put	1
on.	1
So	1
far	1
so	1
good...I	1
really	1
do	1
like	1
this	1
phone	1
when	1
it's	1
working.	1
Low	1
quality	1
control	1
from	1
the	1
seller.	1
Okay,	1
that's	1
an	1
exaggeration,	1
I	1
can	1
hear,	1
the	1
connection	1
is	1
solid	1
and	1
there's	1
no	1
static,	1
but	1
the	1
volume	1
doesn't	1
get	1
loud	1
enough	1
for	1
me.	1
Have	1
gone	1
downhill.	1
The	1
only	1
complaint	1
I	1
have	1
is	1
that	1
NONE	1
of	1
the	1
current	1
soft	1
or	1
hard	1
cases/covers	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
This	1
little	1
gadget	1
works	1
great.	1
So	1
far,	1
I	1
am	1
pleased	1
with	1
this	1
headpiece.	1
Don't	1
bother	1
buying.	1
Even	1
on	1
the	1
least	1
canceling	1
setting,	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
complained	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
hard	1
to	1
hear.	1
It	1
should	1
be	1
at	1
least	1
.9	1
amp,	1
this	1
one	1
reads	1
.5	1
amp.But	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
You	1
can	1
hear	1
people	1
fine,	1
but	1
they	1
cannot	1
hear	1
you.	1
Outstanding	1
product.	1
Of	1
course	1
driving	1
a	1
convertible	1
means	1
I	1
don't	1
often	1
use	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
anyway,	1
so	1
background	1
noise	1
isn't	1
a	1
huge	1
issue,	1
unless	1
it's	1
windy	1
out.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
to	1
buy	1
today.(...)	1
My	1
second	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
I	1
lose	1
signal	1
very	1
suddenly,	1
going	1
from	1
having	1
a	1
full	1
spectrum	1
of	1
reception	1
to	1
zilch.	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
$$$$....	1
For	1
example,	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
voicemail	1
problem,	1
but	1
kept	1
tinkering	1
until	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
place	1
to	1
input	1
the	1
voice	1
mail	1
number.	1
The	1
clarity	1
is	1
good.	1
I	1
installed	1
a	1
Bible	1
on	1
mine;	1
so	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
book	1
reading	1
is	1
good	1
too.	1
Not	1
Long	1
Enough.	1
I	1
would	1
advise	1
strongly	1
against	1
this	1
phone.	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
bluetooth,	1
Plantronics	1
Discovery	1
550	1
which	1
sounds	1
great	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
show	1
how	1
much	1
time	1
was	1
left	1
for	1
charging,	1
but	1
it's	1
just	1
a	1
counter.	1
I	1
tried	1
another	1
phone	1
VX3200	1
LG,	1
and	1
the	1
cable	1
would	1
not	1
recognise	1
it	1
either.	1
Everything	1
else	1
was	1
above	1
par.	1
It	1
is	1
larger	1
(thicker	1
I	1
should	1
say)	1
than	1
my	1
original	1
one	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
not	1
too	1
large	1
that	1
it's	1
a	1
problem.	1
My	1
only	1
complaints	1
so	1
far	1
would	1
be	1
that	1
the	1
top	1
buttons	1
are	1
too	1
close	1
together	1
and	1
hard	1
to	1
push	1
without	1
pushing	1
another	1
one.	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Batteries.	1
Very	1
disappointed.	1
"I	1
can	1
certanly	1
live	1
with	1
that.	1
The	1
buttons	1
are	1
easy	1
to	1
press,	1
easy	1
to	1
remember,	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
see.	1
Her	1
old	1
phone	1
was	1
a	1
chore	1
to	1
say	1
the	1
least!	1
quality	1
product.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great	1
too.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
Works	1
like	1
it's	1
described	1
and	1
looks	1
like.	1
sound	1
is	1
great	1
but	1
it	1
keeps	1
falling	1
apart.	1
It's	1
not	1
worth	1
getting	1
an	1
exchange	1
or	1
refund	1
because	1
you	1
don't	1
get	1
reimbursed	1
for	1
the	1
original	1
shipping	1
or	1
the	1
return	1
shipping.	1
I	1
am	1
returning	1
this	1
item	1
because	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
feel	1
secure	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
doubt	1
any	1
2	1
customized	1
N75	1
will	1
look	1
alike.For	1
me	1
to	1
go	1
back	1
to	1
a	1
Motorola	1
phone,	1
they	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
new	1
OS	1
from	1
scratch.	1
The	1
product	1
arrived	1
okay	1
but	1
the	1
first	1
and	1
only	1
time	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
used,	1
the	1
phone	1
got	1
hot	1
and	1
now	1
the	1
battery	1
won't	1
keep	1
a	1
charge	1
very	1
long.	1
Sprint	1
replaced	1
it	1
with	1
another	1
RL-7300,	1
and	1
after	1
2	1
months	1
the	1
second	1
phone	1
stopped	1
working	1
in	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
way.	1
In	1
my	1
opinion	1
Plantronics	1
needs	1
to	1
hire	1
a	1
new	1
product	1
designer.	1
The	1
Treo	1
slides	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
with	1
ease.	1
Both	1
the	1
multi-function	1
button	1
and	1
volume	1
control	1
are	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
nice,	1
light	1
weight	1
and	1
good	1
speech	1
quality.	1
I	1
have	1
debated	1
which	1
of	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
car	1
kitsw	1
I	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
get.	1
So,	1
I	1
guess	1
the	1
options	1
are	1
not	1
download	1
things,	1
but	1
have	1
the	1
phone	1
work,	1
or	1
download	1
things	1
onto	1
my	1
SD	1
card,	1
and	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
phone?	1
Works	1
like	1
a	1
charm.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
a	1
convert!	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY.	1
You	1
Can	1
Do	1
Better	1
Than	1
This	1
Phone.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
USE	1
THIS	1
SUPPLIER!!	1
Considering	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
phone	1
and	1
not	1
a	1
5	1
mega	1
pixel	1
digital	1
camera,	1
I	1
feel	1
that	1
the	1
camera	1
is	1
pretty	1
good.	1
You	1
really	1
need	1
a	1
strong	1
signal.Other	1
than	1
that	1
I	1
love	1
my	1
phone,	1
I	1
strongly	1
recommend.	1
However,	1
the	1
Cingular	1
service	1
has	1
been	1
horrible!	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
give	1
up	1
lugging	1
my	1
laptop	1
around,	1
so	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
PDA	1
and	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
keyboard.	1
My	1
original	1
Verizon	1
speaker	1
headphone	1
broke	1
so	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
Plus,	1
the	1
camera	1
doesn't	1
take	1
video.-	1
No	1
MP3	1
player.THE	1
GOOD:-	1
Free!	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
in	1
sound,	1
fit	1
to	1
ear	1
and	1
essential	1
accessories.	1
The	1
new	1
one	1
snapped	1
on	1
easily,	1
and	1
it	1
looks	1
great.	1
Call	1
quality	1
and	1
device	1
function	1
is	1
quite	1
satisfactory.	1
It	1
DOES	1
have	1
internet	1
capabilities!	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
worrying	1
if	1
this	1
one	1
will	1
fall	1
off	1
my	1
face.	1
The	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
great.	1
Does	1
the	1
job..	1
I've	1
seen	1
others	1
for	1
a	1
higher	1
price	1
but	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
product.	1
The	1
games	1
one	1
can	1
buy	1
are	1
better	1
than	1
ones	1
on	1
the	1
610/616.	1
After	1
all,	1
the	1
description	1
did	1
say	1
3.6	1
hours	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
I	1
have	1
missed	1
umpteen	1
important	1
calls	1
not	1
knowing	1
my	1
phone	1
had	1
powered	1
off	1
without	1
any	1
warning.2.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
compact	1
case,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
tad	1
difficult	1
to	1
wrap	1
the	1
cord	1
around	1
inside	1
and	1
get	1
the	1
plug	1
to	1
fit	1
snugly.	1
We	1
did	1
purchase	1
these	1
phones	1
when	1
we	1
switched	1
carriers,	1
so	1
perhaps	1
that	1
is	1
the	1
problem.	1
It's	1
A	1
Genuine	1
Nokia	1
Battery.	1
Works	1
like	1
a	1
charm.	1
Multiple	1
eartips	1
were	1
included	1
with	1
the	1
device	1
to	1
allow	1
for	1
better	1
fitting.	1
I	1
have	1
contacted	1
customer	1
support	1
on	1
a	1
few	1
occassions,	1
and	1
no	1
one	1
has	1
given	1
me	1
any	1
direction	1
as	1
to	1
where	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
simple	1
ring.	1
Wrong	1
intended	1
item	1
sent.	1
We	1
have	1
had	1
them	1
before	1
and	1
they	1
were	1
wonderful	1
and	1
did	1
the	1
job	1
but	1
these	1
do	1
nothing	1
and	1
we	1
are	1
out	1
the	1
money	1
for	1
2	1
of	1
them.	1
Iused	1
to	1
have	1
an	1
m515	1
from	1
palm	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
a	1
nokia	1
cellphone	1
and	1
the	1
consolidation	1
of	1
pda	1
to	1
cellphone	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
thing	1
Palm	1
did.	1
NO	1
response.	1
The	1
other	1
day	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
broke	1
off	1
and	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Would	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
them	1
again!	1
Since	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
neoprene	1
edge,	1
the	1
plastic	1
cracks	1
and	1
tears,	1
and	1
then	1
tears	1
some	1
more.	1
I	1
was	1
also	1
told	1
my	1
ONLY	1
option	1
was	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
whole	1
new	1
bluetooth	1
!	1
The	1
speaker	1
produces	1
more	1
of	1
a	1
computer	1
generated	1
voice	1
than	1
most	1
people	1
will	1
be	1
use	1
to	1
or	1
will	1
like.	1
The	1
max	1
volume	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
louder	1
overall	1
but	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
fine	1
as	1
is.	1
El	1
material	1
es	1
lo	1
suficientemente	1
grueso	1
para	1
protegerlo	1
y	1
a	1
la	1
ves	1
no	1
le	1
da	1
m&aacute;s	1
volumen	1
al	1
tel&eacute;fono.	1
i	1
ended	1
up	1
using	1
my	1
ipod	1
headphones.overall,	1
a	1
pretty	1
good	1
phone.	1
She	1
does	1
not	1
need	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
minutes	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
break	1
her	1
into	1
the	1
wireless	1
world.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
sturdy,	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
right.	1
I	1
hated	1
having	1
to	1
constantly	1
clean	1
the	1
touch	1
screen	1
and	1
this	1
screen	1
protector	1
really	1
prevents	1
fingerprints	1
as	1
promised.	1
Save	1
your	1
money.	1
Within	1
two	1
seconds	1
after	1
I	1
would	1
insert	1
the	1
cassette	1
adapter,	1
the	1
car's	1
tape	1
deck	1
would	1
eject	1
the	1
adapter.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
trouble,	1
call	1
the	1
seller	1
and	1
they	1
will	1
replace	1
quickly.	1
This	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
headsets	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
worn.	1
Its	1
the	1
sellers	1
misadvertisement	1
therefore	1
he/she	1
pays	1
for	1
the	1
shipping	1
back.	1
When	1
it	1
dies,	1
you	1
can't	1
turn	1
it	1
on,	1
you	1
can't	1
even	1
charge	1
it.	1
This	1
product	1
didn't	1
work	1
at	1
all.	1
Basically,	1
you	1
just	1
press	1
in	1
the	1
button	1
and	1
tap	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
=	1
instant	1
right-click.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
twice	1
a	1
day.	1
The	1
speaker	1
phone	1
is	1
tinny,	1
and	1
interupts	1
incoming	1
audio	1
if	1
there	1
is	1
the	1
slightest	1
noise	1
entering	1
your	1
mic.	1
If	1
you	1
do	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
firewire	1
port	1
on	1
your	1
computer,	1
DO	1
NOT	1
buy	1
this	1
item!	1
This	1
gold	1
razr	1
is	1
cool	1
looking,	1
but	1
looks	1
too	1
much	1
like	1
some	1
kiddy	1
prize	1
or	1
something	1
and	1
the	1
paint	1
is	1
sure	1
to	1
wear	1
off!	1
It	1
worked	1
more	1
poorly	1
than	1
the	1
battery	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
replacing!	1
Old	1
model	1
cell	1
phone,	1
and	1
no	1
local	1
stores	1
carried	1
my	1
model	1
charger	1
any	1
longer.	1
the	1
Noizefree	1
helps	1
me	1
with	1
cell	1
phone	1
calls	1
and	1
enables	1
me	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
music.	1
But	1
the	1
bigger	1
problem,	1
is	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
software	1
bug	1
in	1
the	1
current	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
e315	1
phone	1
which	1
I'm	1
sure	1
will	1
be	1
fixed	1
in	1
a	1
later	1
version.	1
Otherwise,	1
run--	1
do	1
not	1
walk--	1
to	1
another	1
product.	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
problem	1
is	1
with	1
the	1
speed	1
dial	1
option	1
they	1
have.I	1
strongly	1
advise	1
not	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
if	1
they	1
are	1
not	1
in	1
any	1
suicidal	1
mission!	1
Only	1
reason	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
had	1
a	1
camera.	1
I	1
finally	1
got	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
help.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
week	1
now	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
completely	1
changed	1
my	1
attitude	1
towards	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
(which	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
hate).	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
cell	1
phone	1
carrier	1
case.	1
The	1
Pacific	1
Blue	1
Faceplate	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
my	1
favorites	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
match	1
it	1
to	1
many	1
other	1
items	1
I	1
have	1
for	1
school.	1
LG	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
car	1
charger.	1
I	1
also	1
get	1
the	1
question	1
asking	1
how	1
far	1
away	1
from	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
you?"""	1
Good	1
replacement.	1
Works	1
great,	1
just	1
as	1
advertised!	1
Now	1
I	1
guess	1
I'm	1
looking	1
at	1
a	1
return	1
shipping	1
and	1
restocking	1
fee	1
for	1
the	1
pleasure	1
of	1
doing	1
business.	1
Dont	1
purchase	1
this	1
item...	1
It's	1
not	1
worth	1
to	1
listen	1
Mp3.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
is	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
light	1
and	1
comfortable.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
my	1
Treo	1
650.	1
motorola	1
h500	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
can't	1
change	1
the	1
options	1
of	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
email	1
accounts	1
I	1
created	1
and	1
can't	1
delete	1
it.	1
All	1
of	1
the	1
whiz-bang	1
gadgets	1
are	1
useless	1
if	1
the	1
item	1
won't	1
even	1
preform	1
it's	1
main	1
duty	1
of	1
being	1
a	1
phone.	1
Do	1
you	1
need	1
it?	1
ALL	1
THE	1
WORDS	1
ARE	1
CHINESE!!	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
set	1
the	1
alarm	1
every	1
night	1
and	1
the	1
commands	1
are	1
extremely	1
slow.	1
duh.summary:pros:*lightweight*comfortable*got	1
a	1
good	1
price	1
on	1
ebay	1
($42	1
shipped	1
for	1
new)*easy	1
to	1
usecons:*range,	1
range,	1
range!	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product.	1
The	1
first	1
thing	1
I	1
did	1
was	1
to	1
put	1
in	1
the	1
SIM	1
card	1
and	1
battery	1
and	1
plugged	1
in	1
the	1
charger.	1
2nd	1
one	1
was	1
just	1
as	1
bad.	1
If	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
exchange	1
for	1
a	1
new	1
headset,	1
who's	1
going	1
to	1
pay	1
for	1
shipping?	1
With	1
my	1
Verizon	1
cell	1
phone,	1
I	1
get	1
1-2	1
bars	1
outside	1
my	1
house.	1
With	1
other	1
models,	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
disappointed	1
with	1
my	1
ability	1
to	1
hear,	1
especially	1
in	1
loud	1
or	1
outdoor	1
environments.	1
They	1
shipped	1
without	1
waiting	1
for	1
earlier	1
adaptor	1
to	1
come	1
back.	1
With	1
the	1
first	1
one,	1
the	1
wires	1
separated	1
from	1
the	1
plug	1
which	1
is	1
unrepairable.	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
"new"	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
V3	1
battery	1
from	1
Eforcity.	1
Also,	1
they	1
have	1
no	1
idea	1
if	1
the	1
right	1
item	1
will	1
ever	1
be	1
in	1
stock.	1
On	1
the	1
Nokia,	1
I	1
can	1
talk	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
4-5	1
hours	1
before	1
the	1
battery	1
dies	1
out.	1
This	1
saves	1
me	1
a	1
total	1
of	1
more	1
than	1
$40!	1
i	1
got	1
my	1
razr	1
because	1
my	1
other	1
phone	1
broke,	1
for	1
free.	1
)Cingular-	1
3/5	1
okay,	1
not	1
the	1
greatestSprint-	1
5/5	1
(Good	1
service,	1
good	1
phones,	1
good	1
deals)TMobile-	1
0/5	1
NEVER	1
AGAIN.	1
The	1
back	1
cover	1
was	1
scuffed	1
all	1
over	1
from	1
the	1
road	1
and	1
cracked	1
in	1
a	1
couple	1
places.	1
Surprisingly	1
all	1
users	1
including	1
me	1
are	1
quiet.Please	1
don't	1
ever	1
buy	1
these	1
headphones.That	1
said,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
OK.	1
The	1
clip	1
on	1
is	1
strong	1
and	1
securely	1
stays	1
on	1
any	1
of	1
my	1
belts.	1
With	1
the	1
DSP	1
technology	1
and	1
Audio	1
IQ	1
I	1
expected	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
be	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
645,	1
while	1
it	1
ended	1
up	1
being	1
much	1
worse.	1
How	1
manly	1
are	1
you?.	1
I	1
end	1
up	1
just	1
taking	1
it	1
out	1
and	1
just	1
speak	1
using	1
a	1
handset.	1
Adorable,	1
but	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
well.	1
The	1
search	1
was	1
easy	1
and	1
then	1
the	1
value	1
was	1
something	1
that	1
you	1
just	1
can	1
not	1
pass	1
up.	1
After	1
plugging	1
it	1
in,	1
I	1
made	1
my	1
first	1
call	1
-	1
to	1
my	1
wife	1
again.	1
Sometimes	1
answering	1
a	1
call	1
causes	1
the	1
speaker	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
activate.	1
They	1
had	1
difficulty	1
hearing	1
me.	1
I	1
also	1
liked	1
that	1
both	1
units	1
are	1
small.	1
Does	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to.	1
Said	1
1	1
thing	1
did	1
another.	1
is	1
enough	1
of	1
a	1
drumbeat	1
in	1
our	1
culture	1
without	1
having	1
my	1
phone	1
do	1
it	1
too.It	1
does	1
seem	1
to	1
have	1
features	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
while	1
on	1
the	1
phone,	1
which	1
is	1
cool.	1
Too	1
bad	1
Apple	1
decided	1
to	1
forget	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
phone	1
first.	1
Non	1
intuitive	1
menus.	1
I've	1
read	1
every	1
potentially	1
related	1
article	1
in	1
their	1
"knowledge	1
base".	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
second	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
bought.	1
I	1
called	1
Motorola	1
and	1
they	1
replaced	1
it	1
but	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
happened.	1
Great	1
internet	1
browser.	1
Prevent	1
your	1
headphones	1
from	1
breaking.	1
I	1
would	1
also	1
start	1
up	1
the	1
phone	1
part	1
which	1
worked	1
fine,	1
and	1
then	1
start	1
up	1
the	1
music.	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
investment	1
I	1
ever	1
have	1
made.	1
The	1
bud	1
is	1
too	1
small	1
to	1
sit	1
securely	1
in	1
my	1
ear,	1
but	1
too	1
large	1
to	1
fit	1
into	1
my	1
ear	1
canal.	1
Works	1
fine	1
with	1
TEN	1
Technology	1
naviPlay	1
Bluetooth	1
Stereo	1
Adapter	1
for	1
iPod.	1
Yes,	1
I	1
followed	1
the	1
instruction	1
manual	1
each	1
time	1
I	1
re-paired	1
it.	1
Volume	1
buttons	1
allow	1
for	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
leeway	1
in	1
the	1
setting.	1
It	1
was	1
reversible	1
so	1
it	1
could	1
be	1
used	1
on	1
either	1
ear	1
but	1
didn't	1
stay	1
on	1
well.	1
After	1
several	1
tries	1
I	1
finally	1
found	1
an	1
earpiece	1
that	1
not	1
only	1
fits	1
my	1
ear	1
(I	1
have	1
small	1
ears)	1
but	1
works	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
phone!	1
What	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
is	1
it's	1
too	1
bulky,	1
and	1
the	1
power	1
button	1
is	1
hard	1
to	1
press.	1
You	1
can	1
open	1
the	1
back	1
cover	1
and	1
take	1
pictures,	1
amazing.	1
Perhaps	1
LCD	1
has	1
burnt	1
out.	1
Dont	1
waste	1
ur	1
money	1
at	1
walmart	1
or	1
target.	1
Great	1
product--works	1
on	1
nano	1
5	1
generation.	1
I	1
ordered	1
a	1
new	1
battery,	1
not	1
used.	1
Mine	1
broke	1
in	1
my	1
coat	1
pocket	1
when	1
I	1
felt	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
it	1
was	1
there.	1
My	1
folks	1
claim	1
to	1
hear	1
my	1
loud	1
and	1
clear.	1
This	1
crappy	1
case	1
broke	1
within	1
3	1
weeks	1
of	1
use.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
size	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
weight	1
and	1
balance	1
and	1
the	1
overall	1
quality.	1
This	1
is	1
disappointing.	1
The	1
battery	1
arrived	1
quickly	1
but	1
when	1
I	1
put	1
it	1
into	1
my	1
battery	1
charger,	1
the	1
battery	1
wouldn't	1
seat.	1
The	1
"S"	1
style	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
the	1
case	1
looks	1
great	1
too.	1
This	1
company	1
is	1
a	1
ripoff	1
and	1
will	1
never	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
them	1
again.	1
The	1
clip	1
is	1
spring-loaded	1
and	1
the	1
spring	1
is	1
heavy	1
enough	1
that	1
it	1
simply	1
can't	1
come	1
off,	1
even	1
when	1
you're	1
running	1
to	1
cardiac	1
arrests.	1
I've	1
always	1
felt	1
that	1
the	1
'clip	1
around	1
the	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
ear'	1
headsets	1
were	1
going	1
to	1
fall	1
off	1
my	1
head.	1
And	1
the	1
noise-cancelling	1
boom?	1
in	1
the	1
time	1
it	1
took	1
me	1
to	1
leave	1
my	1
house	1
and	1
drive	1
halfway	1
to	1
school	1
the	1
gears	1
inside	1
had	1
dismantled.	1
I	1
certainly	1
wouldn't	1
want	1
to	1
be	1
charged	1
an	1
extra	1
$14.99	1
for	1
20	1
minutes	1
that	1
I	1
don't	1
need	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
Seems	1
like	1
everywhere	1
you	1
click	1
in	1
the	1
menus,	1
they	1
are	1
trying	1
to	1
suck	1
more	1
money	1
out	1
of	1
you.	1
I	1
was	1
unable	1
to	1
locate	1
a	1
data	1
cable	1
locally	1
and	1
was	1
happy	1
to	1
find	1
one	1
on	1
Amazon,	1
even	1
though	1
it	1
was	1
only	1
available	1
through	1
a	1
third	1
party.	1
This	1
one	1
is	1
pretty	1
bad.	1
I	1
felt	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
barely	1
hang	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
speaker	1
low	1
enough	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
hear	1
the	1
caller.	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
wanting	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
longest	1
time,	1
and	1
I'm	1
glad	1
I	1
did.	1
Very	1
Poor	1
signal.	1
I	1
obtained	1
a	1
brand	1
new	1
Jabra	1
Earbud	1
and	1
it	1
had	1
the	1
identical	1
problem.	1
Excellent	1
Replacement	1
Battery.	1
SHOW	1
YOUR	1
AGGIE	1
PRIDE	1
!!!	1
Wow,	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
5	1
star	1
Item.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
ok.	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
excellent	1
for	1
carrying	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
your	1
purse	1
or	1
bag,	1
because	1
it	1
takes	1
up	1
little	1
more	1
space	1
than	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
first	1
pair	1
stopped	1
working	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
break	1
and	1
Logitech	1
did	1
send	1
me	1
a	1
replacement	1
pretty	1
quick.	1
It	1
arrived	1
just	1
as	1
described	1
and	1
worked	1
correctly.	1
If	1
you	1
compare	1
to	1
similar	1
price-point	1
phones,	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
value.	1
It	1
was	1
just	1
under	1
$6.00	1
shipped.	1
The	1
leather	1
lasts	1
a	1
while,	1
and	1
so	1
does	1
the	1
velcro	1
strap.	1
And	1
certainly	1
don't	1
count	1
on	1
it	1
as	1
a	1
remote	1
storage	1
device.	1
I	1
didn't	1
plan	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
very	1
often,	1
maybe	1
in	1
my	1
car	1
or	1
if	1
on	1
one	1
of	1
those	1
long	1
catchup	1
calls,	1
but	1
let	1
me	1
tell	1
you,	1
it's	1
even	1
great	1
while	1
shopping.	1
T-Mobile	1
Sucks!.	1
I	1
have	1
since	1
purchased	1
a	1
Jabra	1
that	1
works	1
much	1
better.	1
Bottom	1
line	1
is	1
the	1
shipper	1
"A1	1
Accessories"	1
shows	1
that	1
they	1
will	1
sell	1
you	1
this	1
one,	1
but	1
they	1
sell	1
you	1
whatever	1
they	1
have	1
laying	1
around.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
get	1
anyone	1
from	1
Amazon	1
to	1
return	1
my	1
e-mail	1
or	1
help	1
resolve	1
the	1
problem	1
either.	1
Disappointment.	1
Hard	1
to	1
figure	1
out.	1
Works	1
as	1
orignal.	1
Works	1
well.	1
They	1
are	1
strange	1
looking	1
and	1
a	1
little	1
too	1
intimate.	1
i	1
am	1
currently	1
in	1
the	1
market	1
for	1
another	1
headset.	1
The	1
seller	1
should	1
subtract	1
certain	1
models	1
that	1
don't	1
work.	1
SE	1
CONTECTA	1
A	1
CUALQUIER	1
SALIDA	1
DE	1
AUX.JUAN	1
FRANCISCO	1
CARCAMOEL	1
SALVADOR,	1
CENTRO	1
AMERICA	1
Some	1
bugs	1
need	1
to	1
be	1
worked	1
out.	1
Very	1
difficult	1
to	1
put	1
on	1
especially	1
wearing	1
glasses......did	1
not	1
really	1
fit	1
around	1
my	1
ear.	1
These	1
may	1
be	1
fine.	1
Are	1
there	1
better	1
ones	1
out	1
there?	1
Both	1
were	1
excellent	1
choices.	1
It	1
has	1
one	1
major	1
flaw,	1
NO	1
MUTE	1
button	1
and	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
program	1
the	1
multi-function	1
button	1
to	1
have	1
that	1
function.	1
Must	1
be	1
a	1
big	1
company	1
because	1
the	1
service	1
was	1
not	1
personal	1
at	1
all	1
and	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
phone	1
number	1
to	1
call.	1
Great	1
phone!.	1
Textured	1
or	1
rubberized	1
plastic	1
would	1
help.	1
Its	1
small,	1
sleek,	1
and	1
stylish	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
amenities	1
I	1
could	1
ask	1
for	1
in	1
a	1
phone,	1
plus	1
some.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
to	1
purchase	1
this	1
headset.	1
This	1
product	1
performed	1
as	1
advertised	1
and	1
I	1
recommend	1
it.	1
Nice	1
and	1
Loud.	1
the	1
cover	1
is	1
a	1
joke.	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
VERY	1
clearly	1
and	1
the	1
ear	1
phones	1
sit	1
securely	1
on	1
my	1
ears.	1
Motorola	1
would	1
have	1
done	1
better	1
to	1
eliminate	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
bells	1
and	1
whistles	1
and	1
instead	1
make	1
certain	1
the	1
phone	1
functions	1
to	1
make	1
&	1
receive	1
calls.	1
Don't	1
even	1
think	1
you'll	1
memorize	1
the	1
keys	1
because	1
you	1
won't	1
trust	1
me!	1
I	1
believe	1
if	1
I	1
write	1
another	1
review	1
after	1
this	1
battery	1
finally	1
need	1
replacing	1
too,	1
I	1
will	1
express	1
that	1
it	1
gave	1
good	1
service	1
too.	1
I	1
reccomend	1
that	1
you	1
get	1
this	1
phone.	1
They	1
paired	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
gateway	1
in	1
a	1
minute	1
or	1
less.You	1
DO	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
careful	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
ear	1
pads	1
screwed	1
on	1
tightly.	1
Based	1
on	1
the	1
value	1
and	1
the	1
options	1
available,	1
I	1
would	1
purchase	1
again.	1
Good	1
volume,	1
good	1
featres.	1
Works	1
Perfect!.	1
An	1
unexpected	1
bonus	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
provides	1
a	1
layerbetween	1
your	1
hand	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
control	1
so	1
that	1
you	1
are	1
no	1
longerlikely	1
to	1
accidentally	1
activate	1
it.	1
Which	1
is	1
no	1
colors	1
expect	1
black	1
font	1
and	1
blue	1
backaround.	1
Sound	1
was	1
excellent	1
once	1
I	1
stopped	1
putting	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
back	1
pocket.	1
The	1
clip	1
itself	1
is	1
sturdy	1
buy	1
I	1
find	1
that	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
open	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
I'd	1
like	1
it	1
to.	1
At	1
times	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
reconnect	1
them	1
but	1
it's	1
no	1
problem.	1
I	1
asked	1
for	1
supervisors	1
and	1
only	1
got	1
one	1
on	1
my	1
third	1
request.	1
I	1
am	1
glad	1
i	1
did	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
research	1
on	1
different	1
websites	1
like	1
howardforums	1
and	1
xda-developers	1
and	1
found	1
tons	1
of	1
useful	1
info	1
about	1
the	1
MDA.	1
Occassionally,	1
the	1
clip	1
breaks,	1
that's	1
why	1
I	1
ordered	1
6	1
this	1
time.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
item	1
for	1
my	1
8125.	1
Constant	1
Pairing.	1
Its	1
extremely	1
flimsy	1
and	1
your	1
phone	1
will	1
not	1
stay	1
in	1
place.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
many	1
calls	1
i	1
missed	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
bacause	1
ringer	1
sound	1
is	1
so	1
low.	1
change	1
your	1
ring	1
tone	1
from	1
time	1
to	1
time,	1
don't	1
bother	1
with	1
this	1
phone.I	1
paid	1
$18	1
for	1
this	1
phone.	1
this	1
case	1
fit	1
my	1
Treo	1
700P	1
nicely,	1
i	1
actually	1
got	1
the	1
purple	1
color.	1
It's	1
a	1
lot	1
thicker,	1
but	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
slide-out	1
keyboard	1
with	1
much	1
bigger	1
keys,	1
plus	1
a	1
stylus/touchscreen	1
and	1
the	1
PocketPC	1
features.	1
They	1
have	1
great	1
sound,	1
they	1
offer	1
wonderful	1
voice	1
quality	1
on	1
calls	1
and	1
the	1
ear	1
buds	1
are	1
so	1
comfy!	1
Poor	1
Microphone	1
Quality.	1
Will	1
pick	1
up	1
a	1
couple	1
more	1
for	1
the	1
other	1
2	1
phones	1
when	1
their	1
batteries	1
give	1
out.	1
The	1
screen	1
quality	1
is	1
gorgeous	1
and	1
sharp,	1
but	1
the	1
camera	1
gets	1
drowned	1
out	1
by	1
any	1
nearby	1
artificial	1
light	1
source	1
-	1
works	1
fine	1
in	1
sunshine	1
though.	1
I	1
talk	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
a	1
LOT	1
and	1
this	1
would	1
generally	1
last	1
the	1
day...just	1
like	1
every	1
other	1
Motorola	1
battery.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
Great	1
product.	1
Great	1
Stuff!!.	1
Can	1
read	1
emails,	1
but	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
respond.	1
It	1
physically	1
can	1
not	1
be	1
inserted	1
into	1
the	1
phone.	1
Maybe	1
I	1
torqued	1
it	1
too	1
much	1
when	1
I	1
removed	1
the	1
phone	1
each	1
time.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
FM	1
radio	1
&amp;	1
MP3	1
features,	1
but	1
they	1
come	1
with	1
massive	1
flaws.	1
After	1
about	1
an	1
hour	1
of	1
talking,	1
it	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
charged.	1
However,	1
remembering	1
what	1
turns	1
it	1
on,	1
what	1
starts/pauses,	1
what	1
pairs,	1
what	1
starts	1
a	1
call,	1
etc.,	1
was	1
harder	1
to	1
remember.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it	1
until	1
it	1
went	1
dead,	1
having	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
less	1
than	1
45	1
days.	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
an	1
issue	1
like	1
that.	1
Cool	1
phone	1
with	1
minor	1
drawbacks.	1
But,	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
connection	1
to	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
phone	1
was	1
spotty	1
at	1
best.	1
Just	1
attach	1
this	1
little	1
recorder,	1
and	1
start	1
talking	1
into	1
it,	1
or	1
recording	1
your	1
lecture	1
at	1
school.	1
It	1
took	1
me	1
a	1
while	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
why	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
connecting	1
(needs	1
Windows	1
OS).	1
Definitely	1
stands	1
out	1
and	1
turned	1
out	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
great	1
accent	1
in	1
my	1
custom	1
truck!	1
It's	1
only	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
time.	1
If	1
you	1
need	1
a	1
new	1
battery,	1
look	1
no	1
further.	1
Only	1
fault	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
is	1
a	1
button	1
broke	1
off,	1
didn't	1
stop	1
the	1
functionality	1
of	1
it	1
though.	1
Broke	1
the	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
used	1
it..	1
Broke	1
the	1
first	1
time	1
I	1
used	1
it.	1
This	1
phone	1
went	1
to	1
Europe	1
with	1
me	1
on	1
my	1
vacation	1
and	1
performed	1
without	1
any	1
flaws.	1
It's	1
a	1
nice	1
phone,	1
but	1
it's	1
not	1
really	1
that	1
great.	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
for	1
business	1
and	1
I	1
always	1
have	1
to	1
carry	1
an	1
extra	1
battery	1
pack	1
in	1
my	1
bag.The	1
external	1
camera	1
button	1
is	1
badly	1
situated.	1
Good	1
value.	1
WARNING	1
AGAINST	1
NEXTEL.	1
.the	1
microphone	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
much	1
closer	1
to	1
my	1
mouth	1
than	1
was	1
possible	1
.	1
That	1
said,	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
need	1
to	1
open	1
the	1
flap	1
to	1
plug	1
in	1
a	1
headset	1
...	1
then	1
don't	1
because	1
the	1
flap	1
will	1
likely	1
never	1
close	1
properly	1
again.	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
slight	1
delay	1
between	1
the	1
phone	1
ring	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
but	1
that	1
is	1
quite	1
acceptable.	1
Pretty	1
much	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
compatible	1
with	1
most	1
phones	1
-	1
i	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
have	1
universal	1
plug	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
:-(	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
time	1
or	1
money	1
on	1
this	1
junk.	1
I	1
cant	1
take	1
the	1
stylus	1
out	1
every	1
time	1
if	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Save	1
all	1
your	1
packaging	1
and	1
be	1
prepared	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
product.1)	1
Here	1
is	1
how	1
you	1
can	1
test	1
the	1
product	1
(without	1
doing	1
any	1
technical	1
work).	1
Just	1
like	1
the	1
ones	1
you	1
would	1
pay	1
$40	1
or	1
$50	1
dollars	1
for	1
elsewhere.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
gift	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
inexspensive.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
speakerphone	1
on	1
the	1
T610	1
or	1
T616.	1
I	1
knew	1
that	1
there	1
may	1
be	1
a	1
chance,	1
since	1
I'm	1
a	1
small	1
person	1
(5	1
ft.).	1
The	1
help	1
always	1
referrer	1
to	1
the	1
Administrator	1
or	1
to	1
the	1
manual!	1
MY	1
SUGGESTION	1
IS	1
THIS	1
I	1
especially	1
like	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
use	1
a	1
regular	1
size	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
home	1
as	1
it's	1
just	1
easier	1
to	1
talk	1
over.	1
Hands-free	1
can	1
re-dial	1
and	1
answer	1
and	1
end	1
calls.	1
decent	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
They	1
seem	1
to	1
work	1
pretty	1
well,	1
sound	1
is	1
good.	1
The	1
cassette	1
kept	1
getting	1
spit	1
out.	1
DON"T.	1
If	1
you	1
enjoy	1
mind	1
numbingly	1
tedious	1
work	1
with	1
no	1
hope	1
of	1
a	1
satisfactory	1
result;	1
then	1
by	1
all	1
means	1
order	1
these.	1
Worked	1
with	1
4	1
different	1
carriers	1
in	1
2	1
different	1
countries.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
ranges	1
from	1
acceptable	1
to	1
excellent	1
for	1
all	1
my	1
headsets	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
phone..	1
they	1
only	1
suck	1
when	1
used	1
with	1
the	1
TREO.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
a	1
better	1
solution	1
if	1
you're	1
like	1
me	1
and	1
need	1
to	1
keep	1
your	1
BB	1
out	1
of	1
your	1
pocket.	1
Not	1
too	1
hot....	1
Picked	1
this	1
up	1
after	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
reviews,	1
but	1
everyone	1
says	1
I	1
sound	1
far	1
away.	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
seen	1
a	1
phone	1
so	1
loud	1
ever.	1
It	1
is	1
well	1
built	1
and	1
should	1
last	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
time.	1
Charger,	1
car	1
charger,	1
case	1
-	1
all	1
OEM.	1
Save	1
your	1
money	1
and	1
opt	1
for	1
the	1
Body	1
Glove	1
neoprene	1
case	1
with	1
belt	1
clip	1
!	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
a	1
AT&T;	1
8525	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Both	1
the	1
mic	1
and	1
speakers	1
are	1
remarkable	1
good	1
considering	1
the	1
size	1
of	1
the	1
device.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
work,	1
maybe	1
recharging	1
it	1
after	1
each	1
use,	1
but	1
it	1
would	1
work	1
at	1
first,	1
maybe	1
an	1
hour,	1
and	1
then	1
it	1
became	1
chopping	1
again.	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
I'd	1
have	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
and	1
lose	1
all	1
the	1
songs	1
I	1
had	1
on	1
it	1
until	1
I	1
stumbled	1
upon	1
Sonnett's	1
replacement	1
batteries.	1
i	1
am	1
in	1
8th	1
grade	1
and	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
in	1
my	1
school	1
with	1
a	1
razr.	1
The	1
Desktop	1
software	1
has	1
pour	1
logic	1
and	1
usually	1
makes	1
what	1
is	1
not	1
expected.	1
I	1
was	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
important	1
conversation	1
and	1
battery	1
died	1
many	1
times.	1
I	1
think	1
i	1
might	1
upgrade	1
but	1
im	1
not	1
sure	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
sign	1
up	1
for	1
a	1
new	1
contract.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for....	1
I	1
would	1
give	1
this	1
product	1
NO	1
STARS	1
at	1
all	1
but	1
the	1
minimum	1
was	1
1	1
star.	1
Also	1
the	1
SIM	1
card	1
would	1
"pop"	1
out	1
of	1
it's	1
place	1
which	1
would	1
cause	1
me	1
too	1
loose	1
service	1
randomly.	1
I	1
am	1
told	1
this	1
is	1
why	1
the	1
voice	1
dialing	1
is	1
audible	1
thru	1
the	1
BT	1
and	1
handset	1
speakers	1
simultaneously.That's	1
my	1
experience	1
so	1
far.	1
great	1
phone,	1
no	1
problems	1
yet,	1
i	1
have	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
month	1
now.	1
Keeping	1
my	1
headset	1
like	1
new.	1
On	1
a	1
recent	1
trip	1
to	1
Europe,	1
the	1
unit	1
malfunctioned	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
forced	1
to	1
purchase	1
services	1
ordinarily	1
paid	1
for	1
with	1
T-Mobile.	1
Only	1
for	1
audio.	1
It	1
works	1
great.	1
This	1
a	1
a	1
good	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
I	1
will	1
NEVER	1
buy	1
another	1
LG	1
There	1
are	1
of	1
course	1
some	1
drawbacks	1
but	1
it's	1
a	1
do	1
it	1
all	1
machine	1
and	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
the	1
price	1
that	1
goes	1
with	1
that.	1
Great	1
tool	1
for	1
the	1
Razr!.	1
I	1
read	1
a	1
few	1
bad	1
reviews	1
for	1
this	1
product,	1
much	1
having	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
how	1
it	1
operated.	1
Almost	1
got	1
my	1
phone	1
taken	1
away	1
at	1
school	1
many	1
times.	1
I	1
finally	1
switched	1
with	1
a	1
friend	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
it	1
myself,	1
and	1
understood	1
how	1
bad	1
it	1
really	1
was.	1
The	1
home	1
charger	1
also	1
does	1
not	1
lock	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
seem	1
to	1
work.	1
For	1
example,	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
protected	1
yourself	1
with	1
a	1
logon	1
password,	1
there's	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
get	1
to	1
your	1
contact	1
list	1
when	1
speaking	1
on	1
an	1
incoming	1
call.	1
Sweet	1
Phone	1
w/	1
Wifi	1
and	1
Windows	1
Mobile	1
6.	1
I	1
told	1
him	1
that	1
when	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
new	1
I	1
had	1
bought	1
an	1
extra	1
battery	1
for	1
it	1
for	1
fifteen	1
dollars.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
2	1
Motorola	1
phones	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
continuous	1
problems	1
with	1
them.	1
The	1
memory	1
card	1
is	1
mounted	1
inside	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
battery,	1
rather	1
than	1
in	1
a	1
slot	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
where	1
it	1
should	1
be.	1
So,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
go	1
through	1
the	1
pairing	1
setup	1
for	1
each	1
device.	1
Husband	1
loves	1
it!.	1
My	1
only	1
con	1
would	1
be	1
that	1
it	1
uses	1
expensive	1
hearing	1
aid	1
button	1
batteries	1
(the	1
automatic	1
power	1
off	1
does	1
indeed	1
work	1
well	1
to	1
extend	1
battery	1
life).	1
The	1
product	1
arrived	1
faster	1
then	1
stated	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
shipped	1
in	1
bubble	1
wrap.	1
Overall	1
I	1
would	1
definately	1
recommend	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
and	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
HT700.	1
Awful,	1
awful	1
phone.	1
Not	1
worth	1
it.	1
Good	1
main	1
charger.	1
I	1
was	1
afraid	1
I'd	1
break	1
the	1
thing	1
in	1
half	1
turning	1
the	1
volume	1
up.Call	1
quality	1
is	1
pretty	1
good	1
inside,	1
no	1
tunneling.Edit	1
It	1
would	1
just	1
flop	1
around	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
don't	1
buy	1
old	1
batteries.	1
I	1
just	1
found	1
a	1
reputable	1
non-branded	1
cell	1
phone	1
store	1
(privately	1
owned,	1
not	1
T-Mobile,	1
Cingular,	1
etc.)	1
My	1
wife	1
and	1
I	1
both	1
purchased	1
the	1
BT350	1
on	1
suggestion	1
from	1
a	1
Verizon	1
rep	1
with	1
our	1
new	1
phones.	1
This	1
cable	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
my	1
phone,	1
nor	1
does	1
the	1
software	1
have	1
anything	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
If	1
they	1
had	1
indicated	1
they	1
were	1
sending	1
refurbished	1
product	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
have	1
ordered	1
it.	1
I've	1
actually	1
had	1
3	1
of	1
these	1
(I	1
lose	1
things).	1
I	1
appreciated	1
both	1
items	1
I	1
bought.	1
Battery	1
does	1
not	1
last	1
long,	1
though.	1
The	1
only	1
drawback	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
can	1
slip	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
ear.	1
Use	1
the	1
extended	1
battery,	1
throw	1
away	1
the	1
standard	1
one.	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
charger	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
really	1
understand	1
what	1
the	1
bulk	1
packaging	1
statement	1
means	1
but	1
it	1
has	1
everything	1
it	1
should.	1
this	1
is	1
my	1
second	1
logitech	1
set.	1
works	1
just	1
fine.	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
until	1
Aug	1
06	1
.	1
Great	1
phone.	1
I've	1
seen	1
some	1
knock-off	1
faceplates	1
that	1
tried	1
a	1
leopard	1
print,	1
and	1
failed.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
lightweight	1
that	1
I	1
hardly	1
know	1
it's	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
Product	1
problems.	1
Also	1
the	1
place	1
where	1
the	1
SIM	1
card	1
goes	1
is	1
in	1
a	1
bad	1
spot.	1
The	1
number	1
keys	1
are	1
made	1
of	1
hard	1
plastic,	1
and	1
"clicky."	1
Just	1
got	1
my	1
Case	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
week	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
loving	1
the	1
perfectly	1
tailored	1
fit	1
and	1
functionality.	1
Some	1
calls	1
are	1
louder	1
than	1
others,	1
naturally.I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
what	1
more	1
money	1
gets	1
you	1
in	1
a	1
BT	1
headset,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
fine	1
for	1
me.EDIT	1
It's	1
great.	1
No	1
problem	1
switching	1
between	1
Left	1
or	1
Right	1
ear.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
to	1
buy	1
another	1
motorola	1
I	1
would	1
check	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
that	1
it	1
doesnt	1
have	1
similar	1
earpiece	1
problems.	1
As	1
far	1
as	1
volume	1
goes,	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
depend	1
on	1
who	1
I'm	1
talking	1
to--but	1
it's	1
definitely	1
not	1
the	1
loudest	1
phone	1
out	1
there.	1
Functions	1
well,	1
decent	1
sound	1
quality,	1
a	1
lot	1
easier	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
conversation	1
than	1
using	1
the	1
phone	1
(Alias)	1
itself.	1
Tried	1
going	1
through	1
tech	1
support	1
and	1
because	1
it	1
wasn't	1
under	1
warranty,	1
they	1
couldn't	1
help	1
me	1
:(.	1
Surely	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
life	1
and	1
death	1
situation	1
and	1
try	1
to	1
call	1
from	1
this	1
phone,	1
I	1
assure	1
you	1
that	1
it	1
will	1
surely	1
let	1
you	1
down.	1
But	1
I	1
also	1
must	1
stick	1
with	1
a	1
HORRIBLE	1
phone	1
for	1
2	1
years!!!	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
treo	1
650	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
several	1
Palm	1
devices	1
prior	1
to	1
this	1
one.	1
I	1
guess	1
it	1
won't	1
work	1
with	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
newer	1
generation	1
electronics.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
was	1
*ok*	1
too.But	1
for	1
the	1
most	1
part,	1
this	1
is	1
chocolate	1
covered	1
you-know-what!	1
A	1
friend	1
of	1
mine	1
1	1
week	1
earlier	1
signed	1
up	1
with	1
and	1
bought	1
the	1
Verizon/LG6000	1
camera	1
phone.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
Item	1
and	1
this	1
Seller	1
to	1
anyone/everyone.	1
So	1
I've	1
sent	1
them	1
an	1
email.The	1
reset	1
pin	1
is	1
fine	1
and	1
the	1
stylus	1
part	1
seems	1
OK	1
too.	1
A	1
great	1
all	1
in	1
one	1
phone,	1
mp3/video	1
player,	1
and	1
camera..	1
9/19/06	1
Update.	1
Stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
awful	1
piece	1
of	1
junk!	1
It	1
works	1
on	1
every	1
other	1
car	1
but	1
not	1
the	1
express	1
which	1
is	1
my	1
work	1
van.	1
Great	1
battery	1
life;	1
have	1
never	1
had	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
more	1
than	1
nightly	1
(just	1
my	1
routine).I've	1
had	1
a	1
half	1
dozen	1
of	1
these;	1
one	1
came	1
in	1
bad	1
NEW	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
The	1
button	1
should	1
be	1
easier	1
to	1
press	1
and	1
should	1
require	1
as	1
much	1
pressure	1
as	1
it	1
does.	1
Also,	1
I	1
understand	1
that	1
there	1
were	1
no	1
instructions	1
included	1
with	1
the	1
product.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
product.	1
If	1
you	1
move	1
around	1
with	1
the	1
headset	1
plugged	1
in	1
it	1
loosens	1
up!	1
False	1
advertisement.	1
Good	1
product.	1
It	1
will	1
not	1
take	1
anything	1
larger	1
tho.	1
Motorola	1
HS850	1
Bluetooth.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
earpiece	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had.	1
Very	1
good	1
bluetooth.	1
The	1
sound	1
speakers	1
are	1
situated	1
on	1
the	1
backside	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
conveniently	1
even	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
upside	1
down.	1
These	1
are	1
definitely	1
the	1
best	1
sounding	1
in-ear	1
style	1
headsets	1
I've	1
tried.	1
But	1
daughter	1
tossed	1
packaging	1
before	1
she	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
So	1
happy	1
I	1
can	1
listen	1
to	1
my	1
ipod	1
in	1
my	1
car....	1
I	1
live	1
outside	1
of	1
Chicago	1
and	1
the	1
airwaves	1
are	1
very	1
crowded	1
with	1
stations,	1
but	1
this	1
still	1
works	1
great.	1
It	1
falls	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
particular	1
faceplate.	1
But	1
it	1
works	1
fine	1
with	1
it	1
anyway.	1
I	1
recently	1
purchased	1
the	1
HS850	1
since	1
it	1
came	1
highly	1
recommended	1
but	1
it	1
turned	1
out	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
disappointment.	1
Back	1
when	1
I	1
still	1
had	1
my	1
BlackBerry	1
Pearl	1
I	1
was	1
in	1
dire	1
need	1
of	1
a	1
case.	1
Nokia	1
BL-4C	1
li-I0n	1
Battey.	1
Price	1
was	1
extremely	1
reasonable	1
and	1
arrived	1
very	1
quickly.	1
It	1
will	1
not	1
allow	1
you	1
to	1
be	1
listening	1
to	1
music	1
on	1
your	1
computer	1
AND	1
monitor	1
for	1
phone	1
calls	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time,	1
its	1
one	1
or	1
the	1
other,	1
not	1
both.	1
The	1
battery	1
has	1
held	1
up	1
and	1
continues	1
to	1
last	1
for	1
days.	1
I	1
work	1
out	1
for	1
2-3	1
hours,	1
5-6	1
days	1
per	1
week	1
and	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
causing	1
the	1
moisture	1
to	1
penetrate	1
the	1
electronics.	1
Very	1
Satisfied	1
with	1
Purchase.	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
happy	1
about	1
this	1
because	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
left.	1
This	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
Breaks	1
Very	1
Easily,	1
Sound	1
Quality	1
is	1
Average.	1
Horrible	1
Audio.	1
i've	1
owned	1
almost	1
every	1
motorola,	1
nokia	1
and	1
sony	1
phone,	1
and	1
so	1
far	1
this	1
one	1
has	1
been	1
the	1
best.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
okay,	1
not	1
great.	1
Unfortunately,	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
stuck	1
in	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
contract	1
for	1
another	1
year	1
and	1
a	1
half	1
with	1
a	1
phone	1
which	1
doesn't	1
work	1
majority	1
of	1
the	1
places	1
I	1
am.	1
Are	1
you	1
going	1
to	1
throw	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
drawer	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
other	1
covers,	1
headsets,	1
batteries	1
that	1
didn't	1
work?	1
stylish	1
but	1
not	1
functional.	1
The	1
size	1
of	1
the	1
plug	1
on	1
car	1
charger	1
does	1
not	1
exactly	1
match	1
the	1
connector	1
on	1
the	1
phone.DO	1
NOT	1
BUY!	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
an	1
expensive	1
toy	1
that	1
doesn't	1
work	1
well	1
as	1
a	1
phone,	1
the	1
RAZR	1
is	1
the	1
one	1
for	1
you.2)	1
don't	1
buy	1
wireless	1
plans	1
or	1
products	1
from	1
cartoys.	1
None	1
of	1
the	1
&quot;special&quot;	1
features	1
are	1
worth	1
anything.	1
Keeps	1
falling	1
apart.	1
Not	1
good	1
enough,	1
sorry.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
awesome,	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
no	1
problems	1
at	1
all	1
with	1
it.	1
BlueAnt	1
X3.	1
Some	1
of	1
the	1
reviews	1
mentioned	1
that	1
the	1
piece	1
will	1
go	1
dead	1
and	1
wont	1
charge	1
after	1
a	1
month.	1
You	1
get	1
a	1
few	1
of	1
them,	1
but	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
put	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
immediately	1
began	1
to	1
peel	1
off	1
already.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
USB	1
cable	1
for	1
Cingular	1
my	1
LG	1
CU500	1
but	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
it.	1
2400mAh	1
give	1
the	1
extra	1
juice	1
required	1
for	1
the	1
large	1
screen.	1
Both	1
of	1
them	1
rave	1
about	1
the	1
quality.	1
Excellent	1
product	1
and	1
will	1
withstand	1
all	1
the	1
elements	1
its	1
design	1
to	1
withstand.	1
I	1
wear	1
glasses	1
and	1
this	1
headset	1
does	1
not	1
interfere	1
with	1
them	1
at	1
all.	1
Now,	1
2	1
months	1
later,	1
all	1
of	1
a	1
sudden,	1
the	1
voices	1
on	1
the	1
receiving	1
end	1
are	1
cutting	1
out.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
cheap	1
flip	1
phone.	1
I've	1
had	1
problems	1
with	1
every	1
other	1
blue	1
tooth	1
I've	1
bought	1
since	1
then.	1
This	1
was	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
needed.	1
I	1
super	1
glued	1
it	1
back	1
on	1
and	1
covered	1
the	1
glue	1
mess	1
with	1
black	1
marker.I	1
ran	1
into	1
someone	1
at	1
work	1
and	1
asked	1
him	1
about	1
his.	1
Good	1
Choice!.	1
Different	1
carrier.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
Not	1
loud	1
enough.	1
High	1
price,	1
cheap	1
product.	1
Unit	1
depicted	1
plugs	1
into	1
cigarette	1
lighter	1
and	1
operates	1
as	1
a	1
charger	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
a	1
Hands	1
Free	1
phone	1
accessory.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
pair	1
(paired	1
with	1
an	1
LG	1
phone,	1
an	1
XP	1
based	1
PC	1
and	1
a	1
macbook)	1
and	1
simple	1
to	1
use.	1
Yes,	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
damn	1
camera	1
button	1
that	1
everyone	1
is	1
talking	1
about.	1
All	1
I	1
need	1
is	1
2-way	1
communication...not	1
a	1
fancy	1
picture	1
taking	1
baby	1
changing	1
cell	1
phone.	1
They	1
looked	1
quite	1
similar.	1
compact,	1
nice	1
LED	1
to	1
indicate	1
its	1
plugged	1
in.	1
Doing	1
just	1
about	1
anything	1
involves	1
navigating	1
menus,	1
and	1
there's	1
no	1
scroll	1
wheel,	1
so	1
you	1
can't	1
do	1
it	1
one-handed	1
My	1
daughter	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
France.	1
In	1
all	1
places,	1
inside	1
a	1
store,	1
next	1
to	1
the	1
road	1
with	1
heavy	1
traffic,	1
inside	1
a	1
noisy	1
bus	1
and	1
have	1
been	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
way	1
it	1
works.	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
buy!	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
who	1
thought	1
that	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
"one	1
size	1
fits	1
all"	1
design.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
is	1
great.	1
Downloading	1
and	1
transfering	1
Java	1
apps	1
is	1
spotty	1
with	1
a	1
PC	1
and	1
just	1
bad	1
with	1
a	1
Mac.	1
It	1
was	1
easy	1
to	1
connect	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
my	1
laptop	1
to	1
use	1
as	1
a	1
modem.	1
Nice	1
price,	1
and	1
the	1
case	1
is	1
very	1
soft	1
to	1
the	1
touch.	1
The	1
speaker	1
phone	1
and	1
voice	1
dial	1
features	1
are	1
invaluable	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
or	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
conduct	1
a	1
conference	1
call.	1
The	1
H500	1
was	1
always	1
wobbling	1
around	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
wouldn't	1
stay	1
put	1
but	1
the	1
Jabra	1
seems	1
to	1
stay	1
where	1
it	1
is	1
meant	1
to	1
be.	1
Wrong	1
Plug.	1
I	1
traded	1
it	1
in	1
after	1
dealing	1
with	1
a	1
crappy	1
LG7200	1
for	1
a	1
month.	1
I've	1
played	1
with	1
other	1
cameraphones,	1
and	1
none	1
of	1
them	1
had	1
picture	1
quality	1
this	1
bad.	1
It	1
didn't	1
matter	1
if	1
I	1
was	1
close	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
or	1
far	1
away.	1
works	1
but	1
feel	1
cheap.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
use	1
on	1
a	1
trip	1
to	1
France.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
laptop.	1
Very	1
frustrating	1
experience.	1
Free	1
Minutes.	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
overpriced,	1
under-engineered	1
and	1
generally	1
inferior	1
product.	1
As	1
an	1
added	1
benefit	1
if	1
I	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
worry	1
because	1
this	1
kit	1
works	1
with	1
almost	1
all	1
Motorola	1
phones.	1
I	1
bought	1
2	1
of	1
them	1
and	1
battery	1
lasts	1
only	1
12	1
hours.	1
overall,	1
its	1
a	1
decent	1
phone.	1
We	1
had	1
found	1
the	1
magnetic	1
type	1
but	1
just	1
wouldn't	1
hold	1
up	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
snap,	1
phone	1
would	1
fall	1
out	1
or	1
would	1
hold	1
on	1
his	1
belt.	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
Bluetooth-capable	1
phone	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
use	1
a	1
headset	1
without	1
worring	1
that	1
the	1
cord	1
would	1
get	1
wrapped	1
around	1
something	1
in	1
my	1
car.	1
Attractive	1
case.	1
Appearence	1
of	1
the	1
phone3.	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
the	1
"high	1
quality	1
audio"	1
what	1
are	1
they	1
basing	1
that	1
claim	1
on?	1
Buyer	1
Beware.	1
Good	1
deal	1
overall.	1
It	1
is	1
impossible	1
to	1
remove	1
them.-Needs	1
more	1
ringtones	1
as	1
a	1
standard	1
feature.-NEEDS	1
PICTURE	1
CALLER	1
ID!!!	1
I	1
dropped	1
this	1
phone	1
(so	1
hard)	1
and	1
yet	1
it	1
never	1
broke.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
from	1
this	1
company.	1
Nope,	1
this	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
is	1
performing	1
worse	1
than	1
my	1
old	1
headset.	1
I	1
was	1
thrilled.	1
I	1
found	1
these	1
to	1
be	1
horrible.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
fit	1
and	1
finish.	1
A	1
former	1
co-worker	1
suggested	1
the	1
Sidekick	1
II	1
for	1
another	1
instrument	1
for	1
communication.	1
The	1
firmware	1
update	1
is	1
a	1
MUST!!!	1
The	1
worest	1
cell	1
phone	1
I've	1
ever	1
used..	1
Be	1
honest,	1
my	1
old	1
Nokia	1
6210	1
works	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
this	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
I	1
like	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
small	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
sure	1
why	1
they	1
wanted	1
to	1
add	1
this	1
feature	1
since	1
it	1
uses	1
up	1
my	1
power.	1
It	1
has	1
3	1
speakers.	1
The	1
reception	1
has	1
been	1
great.	1
Connector	1
breaks	1
easily,	1
whole	1
unit	1
must	1
be	1
replaced.	1
Come	1
morning	1
my	1
phone	1
battery	1
hasn't	1
even	1
charged	1
period.	1
works	1
great.	1
Do	1
NOT	1
buy	1
if	1
your	1
are	1
not	1
sure	1
of	1
compatability.	1
Almost	1
anywhere	1
I	1
don't	1
get	1
service,	1
someone	1
with	1
Cingular,	1
Verizon,	1
or	1
Sprint	1
does.	1
Buy	1
a	1
real	1
one,	1
its	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
trouble,	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
order	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
Just	1
don't	1
expect	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
great	1
media	1
player	1
it's	1
been	1
advertised	1
to	1
be.	1
The	1
Nokia	1
phones	1
have	1
no	1
capability	1
to	1
transfer	1
data	1
in	1
analog	1
networks.	1
After	1
the	1
purchase,	1
however,	1
I	1
have	1
fallen	1
in	1
love	1
with	1
my	1
PDA.	1
Also	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
off	1
before	1
a	1
call.Fitting	1
-	1
Could	1
have	1
been	1
better	1
but	1
is	1
not	1
bad	1
at	1
all.	1
Which	1
was	1
one	1
important	1
aspect	1
for	1
me	1
in	1
my	1
research.	1
Let's	1
just	1
say,	1
I	1
am	1
still	1
waiting.	1
When	1
I	1
opened	1
the	1
package,	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
quality,	1
size	1
and	1
overall	1
appereance	1
of	1
this	1
headset.	1
Have	1
emailed	1
them	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
get	1
NO	1
response	1
from	1
them.	1
Not	1
a	1
problem!Price	1
was	1
right	1
and	1
fast	1
shipping!	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
usb/car	1
charger	1
combo	1
and	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
along	1
with	1
a	1
second	1
car	1
charger	1
for	1
some	1
random	1
phone	1
that	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
own.	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
headset	1
to	1
be	1
awkward	1
in	1
fit	1
and	1
comfort	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
majority	1
of	1
its	1
mass	1
sitting	1
behind	1
the	1
ear.	1
Not	1
satisfied.	1
Great	1
Phone	1
/	1
Horrible	1
Service	1
provider.	1
7	1
Replacement	1
phones	1
in	1
3	1
1/2	1
months.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
last	1
April.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
buying	1
a	1
screen	1
protector	1
with	1
it	1
as	1
well.	1
The	1
next	1
big	1
problem	1
is	1
the	1
screen	1
contrast	1
when	1
the	1
backlight	1
is	1
off.	1
So	1
far,	1
I	1
totally	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
If	1
you're	1
in	1
a	1
quiet	1
space,	1
or	1
in	1
your	1
car,	1
they	1
say	1
they	1
don't	1
hear	1
background	1
noise.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
very	1
short	1
compared	1
to	1
any	1
other	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
I	1
honestly	1
have	1
no	1
complaints	1
about	1
this	1
holster	1
whatsoever.	1
good	1
buy,	1
i	1
doubt	1
you	1
will	1
find	1
anything	1
that	1
will	1
work	1
as	1
well	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
anywhere	1
else.	1
Only	1
thing	1
that	1
keeps	1
me	1
from	1
giving	1
it	1
a	1
5	1
star	1
rating	1
is	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
an	1
occasional	1
disconnect	1
between	1
it	1
an	1
my	1
755p.	1
If	1
you	1
do	1
use	1
Outlook	1
and	1
would	1
like	1
to	1
keep	1
information	1
on	1
your	1
handset,	1
run	1
away	1
as	1
fast	1
as	1
you	1
can...	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
I	1
absolutely	1
love	1
this	1
phone.	1
If	1
the	1
other	1
party	1
heard	1
me	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
I	1
heard	1
them,	1
I	1
would	1
give	1
this	1
product	1
five	1
stars.	1
Crystal	1
clear	1
sound	1
on	1
both	1
ends.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
3rd	1
headset	1
I've	1
tried	1
for	1
my	1
Samsung	1
A900.	1
Bad	1
transmission	1
quality.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
item	1
in	1
the	1
time	1
indicated	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it.	1
to	1
explain	1
which	1
providers	1
it	1
was	1
good	1
for.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
perfect	1
as	1
a	1
stylish	1
protective,	1
slim	1
cover.Awesome	1
color	1
selection.	1
Only	1
problem	1
is	1
I	1
only	1
have	1
1	1
car	1
with	1
a	1
tape	1
deck,	1
and	1
I	1
never	1
drive	1
it.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
great	1
value	1
and	1
an	1
amazing	1
product	1
look	1
into	1
getting	1
the	1
WEP200	1
by	1
Samsung.	1
I've	1
got	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
music	1
and	1
videos	1
on	1
there	1
and	1
need	1
some	1
space.2.	1
I	1
just	1
love	1
this	1
guy	1
too!	1
Many	1
newer	1
ones	1
out	1
with	1
better	1
things	1
in	1
them.	1
Excellent	1
Super	1
PDA..	1
Pros:Fantastic	1
Screen,	1
Bright,	1
Very	1
Well	1
Designed.	1
One	1
person	1
was	1
replacing	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
3rd	1
time,	1
due	1
to	1
manufacturing	1
defects.	1
Bluetooth	1
shuts	1
off	1
by	1
itself.	1
I	1
got	1
about	1
1.5	1
hrs	1
of	1
talk	1
time	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
box	1
and	1
then	1
slence.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good,	1
but	1
they	1
don't	1
exclude	1
outside	1
noise	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
I'd	1
hoped.	1
while	1
these	1
things	1
are	1
pretty	1
cheap	1
compared	1
to	1
other	1
screen	1
protectors,	1
they	1
are	1
very	1
cheaply	1
made.	1
The	1
set	1
does	1
not	1
come	1
with	1
any	1
type	1
of	1
storage	1
bag	1
or	1
case.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
why	1
Eforcity	1
is	1
letting	1
these	1
go	1
for	1
such	1
a	1
cheap	1
price,	1
but	1
I'm	1
not	1
complaining.	1
Excellent	1
turn-around	1
from	1
time	1
of	1
purchase	1
to	1
receiving	1
product	1
at	1
my	1
door!	1
I	1
noticed	1
that	1
when	1
somebody	1
calls	1
me,	1
I	1
get	1
"unknown	1
call"	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
display	1
instead	1
caller's	1
phone	1
number.	1
Worst	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
Ever?.	1
For	1
the	1
price	1
you	1
can't	1
go	1
wrong!	1
AC	1
charger	1
is	1
very	1
short-lived.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
advertised	1
as	1
an	1
extended	1
battery,	1
it	1
is	1
not.	1
If	1
You	1
Want	1
A	1
Toy	1
Get	1
This,	1
If	1
You	1
Want	1
A	1
Phone	1
Stay	1
Away.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
case	1
for	1
the	1
L2.	1
This	1
thing	1
just	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
The	1
camera	1
works	1
well	1
but	1
its	1
a	1
phone	1
camera	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
no	1
flash	1
so	1
don't	1
expect	1
much.	1
The	1
i730	1
had	1
Voice	1
Signal	1
which	1
was	1
accurate	1
about	1
75-80%	1
of	1
the	1
time.5.	1
It	1
is	1
pure	1
torture	1
to	1
wear.	1
The	1
vehicle	1
requires	1
that	1
the	1
car	1
be	1
stopped.	1
Very	1
happy	1
with	1
shippment	1
process.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Jabra	1
BT350	1
and	1
love	1
it.	1
My	1
daugher	1
loves	1
this	1
one.	1
Can	1
get	1
scratched	1
easily.	1
I've	1
spent	1
several	1
hundred	1
dollars	1
in	1
the	1
past	1
3	1
years	1
and	1
almost	1
gave	1
up,	1
when	1
I	1
saw	1
the	1
510-USB	1
rated	1
as	1
the	1
"Laptop	1
Ultimate	1
Choice	1
for	1
2007".	1
Received	1
it	1
within	1
a	1
week.	1
I	1
always	1
get	1
through	1
and	1
most	1
times	1
have	1
very	1
little	1
wait.	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
HD2	1
perfectly.	1
After	1
having	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
for	1
years	1
and	1
hardly	1
using	1
it,	1
I	1
found	1
my	1
self	1
wanting	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
I	1
would	1
want	1
to	1
use.	1
The	1
alarm	1
is	1
buggy	1
-	1
the	1
snooze	1
sometimes	1
keeps	1
going.	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
using	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
out	1
it.	1
even	1
if	1
i	1
have	1
short	1
nails,	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
be	1
any	1
better.the	1
large	1
screen	1
gets	1
dirty	1
easily	1
too.	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W800i.	1
I	1
like	1
several	1
things	1
about	1
this	1
phone.	1
Best	1
headset.	1
but	1
check	1
the	1
updates	1
at	1
the	1
end!.	1
It	1
looks	1
awesome	1
and	1
it's	1
realy	1
an	1
eye	1
catcher.	1
This	1
happens	1
whether	1
it's	1
3	1
feet	1
away	1
from	1
to	1
phone	1
or	1
30.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
I	1
could	1
adjust	1
it	1
in	1
any	1
way	1
so	1
it	1
would	1
feel	1
semi-secure,	1
no	1
luck.	1
The	1
XP	1
did	1
not	1
recognize	1
the	1
driver.	1
Value	1
for	1
the	1
Money.	1
When	1
I	1
brush	1
up	1
against	1
anything	1
the	1
eargel	1
flips	1
out.	1
So,	1
Of	1
course	1
Im	1
going	1
to	1
take	1
it	1
and	1
be	1
happy.	1
Constantly	1
cutting	1
in	1
and	1
out.	1
I	1
switch	1
between	1
two	1
different	1
phones	1
(the	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
and	1
the	1
Nokia	1
8801)	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
both.	1
I	1
can	1
transfer	1
ring	1
tones	1
and	1
pictures	1
to	1
and	1
from	1
my	1
laptop	1
wirelessly	1
and	1
use	1
a	1
wireless	1
Bluetooth	1
earpiece	1
to	1
make	1
calls	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
driving.	1
(Like	1
maybe	1
a	1
1/16th	1
of	1
a	1
second	1
delay	1
or	1
something	1
like	1
that.)	1
whan	1
they	1
build	1
it	1
thay	1
didnt	1
think.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
for	1
less	1
then	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
the	1
reception	1
and	1
distance	1
are	1
horrible	1
compared	1
to	1
my	1
Jabra	1
Dog	1
tag	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
not	1
working	1
at	1
all.	1
Camera	1
takes	1
good	1
pics,	1
but	1
only	1
has	1
a	1
2X	1
zoom	1
on	1
1.3	1
MP	1
and	1
no	1
zoom	1
at	1
all	1
on	1
the	1
2.0	1
MP	1
setting.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
just	1
bought	1
another	1
H500.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
something	1
to	1
hold	1
my	1
Voyager	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
There's	1
no	1
volume	1
scroll	1
thing	1
or	1
anything,	1
so	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
press	1
the	1
keypad	1
during	1
conversation	1
to	1
turn	1
up	1
the	1
phone.	1
It	1
has	1
an	1
amazing	1
art	1
screensaver	1
wallpaper	1
that	1
blows	1
my	1
mind.	1
)K	1
this	1
Phone.....!.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
cheap	1
xbox	1
headset	1
and	1
found	1
this	1
which	1
it	1
turned	1
out	1
was	1
meant	1
for	1
a	1
cellphone	1
and	1
had	1
terrible	1
quality	1
through	1
the	1
xbox.	1
Even	1
turning	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
was	1
a	1
problem.	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
desperate	1
to	1
get	1
any	1
Basic	1
model	1
of	1
Nokia	1
phone	1
instead	1
of	1
this.	1
Doesn't	1
fit	1
right.	1
I	1
know,	1
I	1
know...	1
"Well	1
YOU	1
shouldn't	1
have	1
let	1
your	1
children	1
use	1
it."	1
It	1
worked	1
when	1
it	1
first	1
arrived	1
but	1
it	1
never	1
took	1
a	1
charge.	1
One	1
of	1
very	1
few	1
Bluetooth	1
that	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
there.	1
The	1
snap	1
wears	1
out	1
and	1
no	1
longer	1
holds	1
closed.	1
Very	1
impressed.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
its	1
bluetooth	1
connectivity	1
and	1
nice	1
looks.	1
Though,	1
I	1
really	1
have	1
good	1
credit,	1
T-Mobile	1
declined	1
my	1
orders	1
due	1
to	1
credit	1
issues.	1
Reception	1
and	1
distance	1
was	1
great.	1
In	1
fact,	1
it	1
seems	1
completely	1
incapable	1
of	1
picking	1
up	1
a	1
dialing	1
command.	1
It	1
alternately	1
put	1
it	1
into	1
pairing	1
mode,	1
or	1
worse,	1
cause	1
the	1
H700	1
to	1
redial	1
the	1
last	1
number	1
called.	1
I	1
wear	1
glasses	1
and	1
some	1
headsets	1
interfere	1
with	1
them,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
does	1
not.	1
Shame,shame,shame,...	1
charger	1
is	1
good	1
though...!	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
is	1
the	1
sound.	1
Bought	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
Cingular	1
service.	1
Do	1
NOT	1
Under	1
and	1
Circumstance	1
Buy	1
This	1
Item.	1
Pretty	1
darned	1
good!.	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
Treo	1
650	1
for	1
months,	1
and	1
agree	1
with	1
most	1
other	1
raters	1
that	1
it	1
had	1
problems.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
to	1
anyone	1
looking	1
for	1
wireless	1
headphones.	1
It	1
is	1
rather	1
light	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
all	1
that	1
snug	1
for	1
me	1
at	1
times,	1
but	1
overall	1
Great.	1
USB	1
charging	1
is	1
great.	1
Save	1
your	1
couple	1
of	1
bucks	1
and	1
opt	1
for	1
something	1
more	1
protective	1
and	1
less	1
vulnerable	1
to	1
stains.	1
Same	1
goes	1
for	1
the	1
phone.	1
--Its	1
big,	1
as	1
a	1
result	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
second	1
personal	1
phone	1
that	1
fits	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
when	1
I'm	1
not	1
working.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
pouch	1
for	1
my	1
700w	1
treo.	1
As	1
good	1
as	1
my	1
old	1
ones.	1
battery	1
only	1
hold	1
charge	1
for	1
2	1
days	1
when	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
used	1
and	1
1	1
day	1
when	1
getting	1
calls	1
n	1
receiving	1
texts...don't	1
like	1
the	1
results..	1
The	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
solved	1
every	1
issue	1
I've	1
ever	1
had	1
with	1
a	1
handsfree	1
headset,	1
wired	1
or	1
wireless.	1
I	1
Can't	1
seem	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
down!.	1
!...ridiculous,	1
right?	1
Sorry	1
Jabra.	1
As	1
a	1
mom	1
of	1
three	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
anyway	1
to	1
make	1
my	1
life	1
more	1
simple	1
and	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
has	1
done	1
the	1
job.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
coolest	1
looking	1
phone	1
i've	1
ever	1
seen,	1
way	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
samsung	1
e715.	1
piece	1
of	1
crap.	1
It's	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
custom	1
fitted,	1
but	1
it's	1
not.	1
Great	1
product	1
at	1
half	1
the	1
price.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
okay;for	1
me	1
it	1
needs	1
more	1
volume.	1
Motorola	1
said	1
they	1
don't	1
sell	1
the	1
ear	1
pads	1
separately	1
and	1
apologized	1
for	1
the	1
inconvenience.	1
Professionall.	1
Description	1
is	1
misleading.	1
It	1
finally	1
stopped	1
transmitting	1
about	1
two	1
weeks	1
ago	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
with	1
out	1
a	1
headset.	1
The	1
earpad	1
itself	1
is	1
not	1
soft	1
enough	1
and	1
prolonged	1
wear	1
is	1
painful.	1
If	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
go	1
without	1
a	1
purse,	1
it	1
fits	1
in	1
my	1
pocket.	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
phone/headset	1
combo	1
is	1
a	1
factor	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
user	1
experience,	1
obviously.	1
Did	1
not	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
Microsoft	1
Voice	1
Command.	1
I	1
didn't	1
return	1
it	1
because	1
it	1
would	1
have	1
cost	1
me	1
more	1
for	1
the	1
postage	1
than	1
it	1
was	1
worth.	1
It	1
would	1
hold	1
an	1
ipod	1
touch	1
as	1
the	1
picture	1
show.	1
It	1
has	1
an	1
extremely	1
slow	1
reaction	1
time,	1
and	1
the	1
keys	1
are	1
very	1
difficult	1
to	1
operate--especially	1
for	1
texting.	1
Nuff	1
said!	1
Better	1
than	1
the	1
LG	1
6100.	1
Haven't	1
tried	1
on	1
anything	1
else.	1
I	1
haven't	1
heard	1
a	1
thing	1
yet.	1
I	1
can	1
communicate	1
hands	1
free	1
and	1
call	1
handsfree.	1
It	1
worked	1
ok	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days,	1
then	1
the	1
same	1
problems	1
began	1
all	1
over	1
again.The	1
Verizon	1
folks	1
replaced	1
it	1
with	1
absolutely	1
no	1
hassle.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
reset	1
my	1
PDA	1
several	1
times	1
in	1
the	1
process.	1
I	1
wish	1
the	1
volume	1
could	1
be	1
turned	1
up	1
higher	1
on	1
the	1
speaker	1
phone,	1
but	1
I	1
usually	1
use	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
headset,	1
so	1
for	1
most	1
of	1
my	1
calls	1
it	1
doesn't	1
matter.	1
Buy	1
a	1
competing	1
micro-USB	1
charger	1
instead.	1
Moto	1
Headset.	1
stopped	1
working	1
after	1
4	1
weeks.	1
my	1
smasung	1
i760,	1
sanyo	1
m1,	1
xv6700.	1
I	1
would	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
this	1
vendor	1
again.	1
Great	1
product,	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
one	1
for	1
back	1
up	1
for	1
other	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
for	1
almost	1
5	1
years	1
work	1
great	1
I	1
didn't	1
expect	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
the	1
850	1
band	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
problem,	1
but	1
it	1
was.	1
Unfortunately,	1
it	1
adds	1
an	1
annoying	1
buzz	1
to	1
anything	1
I	1
listen	1
to.	1
This	1
phone	1
works	1
good.Mp3	1
is	1
really	1
good.	1
Opened	1
and	1
found	1
a	1
transistor	1
not	1
even	1
screwed	1
in.	1
Even	1
though	1
I	1
wasn't	1
familiar	1
with	1
the	1
motorola	1
interface.	1
iphone	1
three	1
years	1
ago	1
and	1
its	1
been	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
ever	1
since.	1
Excellent..	1
Very	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
for	1
such	1
a	1
high	1
tech	1
device.	1
Don't	1
see	1
any	1
improvement.	1
The	1
cord	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
longer,	1
but	1
otherwise	1
it's	1
a	1
good	1
charger.	1
The	1
best	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
for	1
Convertibles	1
!.	1
This	1
occurs	1
if	1
the	1
person	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
is	1
talking	1
to	1
me	1
on	1
a	1
landline	1
or	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
unable	1
to	1
asign	1
a	1
ringtone	1
to	1
any	1
contact	1
or	1
phone	1
number	1
not	1
that	1
there	1
will	1
be	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
ringtone	1
to	1
choose	1
from.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
I've	1
owned	1
in	1
terms	1
of	1
comfort	1
and	1
sound	1
quality.	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
better	1
off	1
buying	1
the	1
Brookline	1
Bridge.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
great.	1
good	1
stuff.	1
A	1
Step	1
Backward.	1
A	1
really	1
excellent	1
camera	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
in	1
this	1
price	1
range.	1
It	1
is	1
light,	1
compact,	1
functional,	1
and	1
has	1
a	1
great	1
design.	1
Works	1
good	1
for	1
a	1
while,	1
then	1
dies....	1
I	1
liked	1
this	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
got	1
it...	1
very	1
cheap,	1
handy	1
to	1
travel	1
with	1
or	1
leave	1
at	1
work,	1
etc.	1
Looking	1
up	1
a	1
few	1
video	1
on	1
youtube	1
helped	1
with	1
the	1
install	1
process.	1
I	1
stand	1
at	1
6	1
feet	1
and	1
yet	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
earcanals	1
of	1
a	1
5	1
year	1
old,	1
I	1
guess.	1
Protection	1
and	1
Convenience!.	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
hot	1
but	1
the	1
ear	1
reciever	1
is	1
to	1
big	1
for	1
any	1
persons	1
ear	1
which	1
causes	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
device	1
to	1
hang	1
away	1
from	1
a	1
person's	1
face.	1
Small	1
and	1
light-weight3.	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
clearly	1
even	1
on	1
my	1
motorcycle	1
with	1
this	1
unit.	1
Of	1
course,	1
I	1
would	1
expect	1
nothing	1
less	1
from	1
the	1
nextel	1
network.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
is,	1
it's	1
a	1
bit	1
pricy	1
after	1
all.	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
the	1
other	1
party's	1
conversation	1
great;	1
however,	1
they	1
could	1
not	1
hear	1
me	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
Didn't	1
want	1
to	1
take	1
the	1
business	1
risk	1
of	1
replacing	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
thing.	1
of	1
the	1
10	1
or	1
so	1
headsets	1
i	1
have	1
tried,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best,	1
especially	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
tend	1
to	1
believe	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
software	1
glitch	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
patch	1
for	1
it.	1
This	1
battery	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
direct	1
replacement	1
of	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
in	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
The	1
battery	1
does	1
NOT	1
fit	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V265.	1
These	1
were	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
buck	1
apiece	1
and	1
every	1
bit	1
as	1
good	1
quality	1
The	1
Hot-sync	1
cable	1
reeached	1
in	1
record	1
time	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
perfectly.	1
Reassembled	1
the	1
clip	1
using	1
loctite.	1
I	1
killed	1
the	1
battery	1
very	1
quickly	1
but	1
that	1
was	1
probably	1
because	1
I	1
spent	1
too	1
much	1
time	1
on	1
the	1
internet.Bottom	1
line	1
is	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
awful.	1
It	1
is	1
compact,	1
state	1
of	1
the	1
art	1
and	1
stylish.	1
That's	1
actually	1
why	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
-	1
I	1
lost	1
my	1
iCombi.	1
ordered	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
this	1
time	1
(May'12)	1
and	1
i	1
still	1
i	1
have	1
the	1
one	1
i	1
purchased	1
in	1
2008	1
from	1
circuit	1
city.	1
Oh,	1
all	1
cell	1
phones	1
should	1
also	1
be	1
free.	1
Now	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
Although	1
not	1
all	1
Verizon	1
representatives	1
know	1
about	1
the	1
alarm,	1
all	1
of	1
Verizon's	1
new	1
phones	1
have	1
it.This	1
is	1
an	1
awful	1
feature.	1
And	1
also	1
i	1
love	1
the	1
coiled	1
cable	1
your	1
car	1
will	1
look	1
neater	1
when	1
using	1
it.	1
No	1
More	1
Dropped	1
Calls!!	1
Also,	1
the	1
case	1
will	1
fit	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
either	1
the	1
slim	1
or	1
the	1
extended	1
battery	1
attached.	1
Here's	1
a	1
typical	1
moment	1
when	1
I	1
want	1
to	1
text.1.	1
Climbing	1
up	1
into	1
my	1
attic,	1
the	1
RSSI	1
went	1
to	1
-88,	1
with	1
4	1
bars	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
Sound	1
is	1
acceptable.	1
There	1
was	1
no	1
such	1
option.	1
I	1
love	1
it	1
over	1
any	1
other	1
case	1
I've	1
tried	1
although	1
the	1
plastic	1
cover	1
makes	1
it	1
difficult	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
keyboard.	1
I've	1
had	1
some	1
issues	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
And	1
now,	1
the	1
display	1
has	1
developed	1
a	1
patch.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
same	1
quality	1
nor	1
it	1
it	1
a	1
Samsung.	1
The	1
keys	1
are	1
awkardly	1
placed.	1
Get	1
it,	1
you	1
won't	1
regret	1
it!	1
Mediocre	1
at	1
best.	1
Though	1
they	1
were	1
Nokia	1
branded,	1
the	1
batteries	1
I	1
ordered	1
from	1
CCM	1
Accessories	1
did	1
not	1
come	1
in	1
original	1
manufacturer's	1
packaging.	1
Called	1
Linksys	1
and	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
"it's	1
out	1
of	1
warranty,	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
one".	1
The	1
build	1
appears	1
poor,	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
poor.	1
Check	1
your	1
Credit	1
before	1
going	1
for	1
this	1
offer.	1
Other	1
users	1
with	1
problems	1
must	1
not	1
have	1
followed	1
instructions.	1
I	1
wish	1
Amazon	1
would	1
have	1
raised	1
a	1
flag	1
too	1
warn	1
us	1
about	1
this	1
BEFORE	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
phones.	1
Anyone	1
could	1
use	1
it.	1
Vendor	1
initially	1
offered	1
to	1
exchange	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
bigger	1
case.	1
The	1
outer	1
LCD	1
cracked	1
for	1
no	1
reason	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
of	1
use.	1
Basic	1
features	1
phone	1
book,recent	1
call	1
list,voice	1
dailing	1
and	1
i	1
think	1
3	1
or	1
4	1
games.I	1
think	1
Audiovox	1
8610	1
is	1
perfect	1
for	1
almost	1
anyone.	1
Holster	1
is	1
too	1
small	1
for	1
the	1
LG	1
VX7000.	1
Motorola	1
Mobile	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
US	1
3.0	1
-	1
Mini	1
USB,	1
compatible	1
with	1
RAZR	1
V3,	1
Q	1
Phone,	1
PEBL,	1
V180,	1
V220.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
feels	1
much	1
looser	1
than	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
be.	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
with	1
a	1
Samsung	1
Blackjack.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PRODUCT!!!!!	1
Product	1
was	1
everything	1
i	1
hoped	1
it	1
to	1
be.	1
The	1
item	1
that	1
I	1
received	1
has	1
a	1
different	1
shape	1
top	1
that	1
does	1
not	1
slant	1
to	1
match	1
the	1
curve	1
of	1
the	1
MDA.	1
I'm	1
buyinga	1
sony	1
910a.	1
It	1
has	1
hard	1
button	1
play/pause	1
and	1
volume	1
control	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
Got	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
in	1
the	1
mail	1
in	1
a	1
few	1
days.	1
i	1
thought	1
most	1
of	1
these	1
phone	1
can	1
last	1
at	1
less	1
5	1
years,	1
what's	1
up	1
with	1
that.	1
Connection	1
is	1
easy,	1
USB	1
charging	1
is	1
great.	1
The	1
set	1
adjusts	1
both	1
the	1
sound	1
heard	1
by	1
the	1
other	1
listener	1
and	1
the	1
volume	1
that	1
I	1
hear.	1
The	1
Earglove	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
earpiece	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
used.	1
Other	1
party	1
can	1
not	1
hear	1
conversation.	1
This	1
is	1
great	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
a	1
quiet	1
location.	1
Simply	1
put,	1
this	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
those	1
phones	1
that	1
will	1
cause	1
a	1
few	1
"ooohs"	1
and	1
"ahhhs"	1
when	1
people	1
see	1
it.	1
Definitely	1
buy	1
one!-	1
They	1
are	1
so	1
reasonably	1
priced!	1
To	1
be	1
expected	1
from	1
something	1
this	1
cheap	1
I	1
suppose.	1
No	1
Service.	1
Just	1
returned	1
mine	1
to	1
Amazon.com	1
and	1
waiting	1
for	1
a	1
refund	1
to	1
purchase	1
a	1
different	1
product.	1
The	1
510	1
is	1
the	1
most	1
dependable	1
(works	1
60%	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
has	1
good	1
call	1
quality).	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
since	1
my	1
fingers	1
are	1
big	1
and	1
had	1
a	1
hard	1
time	1
pressing	1
the	1
buttons.	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
I	1
expected.	1
I	1
just	1
recieved	1
this	1
phone	1
today	1
for	1
a	1
birthday	1
present.	1
Boy,	1
was	1
I	1
disappointed.	1
They	1
were	1
unwilling	1
to	1
provide	1
a	1
new	1
unit	1
as	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Now	1
the	1
battary	1
well	1
not	1
hold	1
the	1
charge	1
and	1
the	1
distence	1
suffered	1
for	1
some	1
resson.	1
Then	1
it	1
would	1
go	1
dead,	1
and	1
I'd	1
have	1
to	1
manually	1
disconnect	1
and	1
reconnect,	1
to	1
get	1
another	1
5	1
minutes.	1
If	1
everything	1
else	1
in	1
your	1
life	1
is	1
perfect	1
then	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
for	1
you--	1
it	1
will	1
give	1
you	1
SOMETHING	1
to	1
complain	1
about.	1
By	1
the	1
way,	1
though	1
at&t;	1
customer	1
service	1
is	1
still	1
very	1
slow..I'd	1
strongly	1
recommend	1
this	1
particular	1
pda	1
phone.	1
However,	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
you	1
put	1
the	1
iPhone	1
screen	1
side	1
towards	1
you,	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
the	1
iphone	1
will	1
not	1
get	1
scratched	1
at	1
the	1
exposed	1
parts.	1
I'd	1
been	1
purchased	1
2	1
or	1
3	1
dollar	1
Hong	1
Kong	1
versions	1
for	1
a	1
year	1
or	1
so	1
and	1
got	1
frustrated	1
at	1
them	1
breaking	1
so	1
easily	1
(you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for).	1
Works	1
Great,	1
When	1
it	1
Works!!!!!.	1
The	1
microphone	1
is	1
noise	1
suppressing	1
and	1
echo	1
cancelling	1
which	1
makes	1
conversations	1
great.2.	1
Save	1
your	1
money.	1
Buyer	1
beware.	1
needless	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
will	1
not	1
be	1
buying	1
from	1
them	1
again.	1
So	1
that's	1
good.	1
You	1
can	1
turn	1
the	1
light	1
off	1
by	1
holding	1
both	1
volume	1
(up,	1
down)	1
buttons	1
while	1
powering	1
on	1
the	1
headset.	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
try	1
others	1
to	1
be	1
convinced	1
on	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
technology.	1
I	1
purchased	1
5	1
of	1
them	1
from	1
an	1
Amazon	1
seller	1
and	1
3	1
were	1
unusable	1
(either	1
completely	1
or	1
partially	1
dead).	1
great	1
phone.	1
Everytime	1
I	1
change	1
the	1
background	1
on	1
my	1
phone,	1
it	1
freezes	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
off	1
and	1
back	1
on	1
again.	1
It	1
seems	1
that	1
Motorola	1
is	1
just	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
out	1
of	1
fixing	1
or	1
replacing	1
the	1
phone	1
free	1
of	1
charge	1
under	1
warranty.	1
You	1
should	1
be	1
getting	1
about	1
an	1
8	1
VDC	1
reading	1
there	1
as	1
well	1
(meaning	1
it	1
will	1
recharge	1
the	1
batteries).Does	1
the	1
product	1
really	1
work?	1
This	1
product	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
value.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
WEP200	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
my	1
iPhone.	1
Palm	1
know	1
they	1
have	1
produced	1
a	1
lousy	1
product	1
and	1
dont	1
give	1
a	1
darn.	1
This	1
bluetooth	1
is	1
made	1
by	1
a	1
company	1
named	1
Bluedio	1
out	1
of	1
China.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this.	1
Good	1
price,	1
among	1
other	1
things.	1
This	1
product	1
was	1
advertised	1
as	1
sized	1
for	1
the	1
Palm	1
Pre,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
too	1
small.	1
Why	1
did	1
the	1
vendor	1
say	1
that	1
it	1
fit	1
mu	1
Blackberry	1
and	1
the	1
jack	1
didn't	1
fit?	1
Because	1
I	1
work	1
in	1
a	1
quiet	1
atmosphere,	1
I	1
usually	1
use	1
"Private"	1
(turning	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
off)	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
Direct	1
Connect	1
calls.	1
Anything	1
more	1
than	1
3	1
feet	1
the	1
audio	1
is	1
unusable.	1
Taking	1
it	1
off	1
will	1
tear	1
the	1
wire,	1
tring	1
to	1
slide	1
it	1
will	1
tear	1
the	1
wire.	1
I	1
kept	1
getting	1
the	1
wrong	1
item.	1
The	1
T305	1
is	1
perfect	1
for	1
my	1
lifestyle...lots	1
of	1
time	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
Disappointed.	1
It	1
feels	1
like	1
a	1
claw	1
clamping	1
down	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
It	1
was	1
not	1
clearly	1
mentioned	1
upfront	1
about	1
not	1
being	1
compatible.	1
The	1
other	1
game	1
magic	1
hexa	1
have	1
not	1
spend	1
much	1
time.	1
The	1
construction	1
on	1
this	1
thing	1
is	1
atrocious!	1
One	1
thing	1
I	1
didn't	1
realize	1
when	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
need	1
Microsoft	1
Outlook	1
(part	1
of	1
Microsoft	1
Office)	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
phonebook	1
and	1
calendar.	1
The	1
signal	1
bars	1
are	1
there	1
and	1
one	1
or	1
two	1
may	1
be	1
filled,	1
but	1
its	1
apparently	1
never	1
enough	1
for	1
the	1
thing	1
to	1
actually	1
put	1
the	1
sound	1
through.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone!!!	1
This	1
purge	1
feature	1
cannot	1
be	1
shut	1
off.	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
and	1
thought,	1
what	1
could	1
go	1
wrong?	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
about	1
3	1
days	1
on	1
a	1
fresh	1
battery,	1
but	1
nothing	1
like	1
my	1
Samsung	1
that	1
would	1
last	1
5.I	1
would	1
caution	1
against	1
this	1
phone.	1
Turns	1
out	1
this	1
battery	1
is	1
thicker	1
than	1
the	1
original.	1
I	1
used	1
the	1
Treo	1
650	1
for	1
exactly	1
one	1
week,	1
and	1
then	1
traded	1
it	1
in	1
for	1
my	1
current	1
Blackberry	1
7100.	1
In	1
conclusion,	1
Nokia	1
has	1
really	1
bad	1
customer	1
support.	1
The	1
charge	1
jack	1
hole	1
in	1
the	1
glove	1
is	1
just	1
physically	1
smaller	1
than	1
the	1
rubber	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
plug-in.	1
Pretty	1
good..	1
Nice	1
little	1
headphones.	1
MY	1
HUSBAND	1
BOUGHT	1
THE	1
NEXTEL	1
I530	1
A	1
YEAR	1
AGO.	1
The	1
noise	1
cancellation	1
feature	1
is	1
not	1
great.	1
I	1
never	1
got	1
to	1
try	1
it	1
out	1
for	1
sound	1
once	1
I	1
determined	1
it	1
was	1
too	1
big.	1
Purchased	1
this	1
for	1
our	1
road	1
trip	1
from	1
San	1
Antonio	1
to	1
Salt	1
Lake	1
City.	1
Product	1
was	1
new	1
as	1
listed,	1
arrived	1
in	1
good	1
time,	1
is	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
needed,	1
and	1
is	1
working	1
great!	1
male	1
pin	1
with	1
3	1
segments	1
(left,	1
right,	1
ground).	1
The	1
replacement	1
battery	1
was	1
exactly	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
the	1
OEM	1
one.	1
the	1
shipping	1
was	1
extremely	1
quick.Thanks!	1
The	1
battery	1
keeps	1
it's	1
charge	1
and	1
is	1
working	1
great	1
I	1
wish	1
they	1
were	1
slightly	1
larger,	1
but	1
for	1
bluetooth	1
headphones	1
meant	1
for	1
travel	1
they	1
are	1
great.	1
When	1
the	1
product	1
arrived,	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
integrate	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Windows	1
7	1
laptop.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
that	1
big.	1
Flat	1
out	1
great	1
quality.	1
This	1
phone's	1
flaws	1
include:(a)	1
Ergonomically	1
unfriendly.	1
Protect	1
the	1
BB	1
in	1
all	1
sense	1
(screen	1
and	1
body).	1
The	1
Price	1
was	1
a	1
bargain	1
at	1
about	1
75%	1
less	1
than	1
what	1
verizon	1
wireless	1
was	1
asking	1
for	1
this	1
same	1
battery.	1
LIHGT	1
and	1
FUNCTIONAL.	1
This	1
is	1
so	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
snap	1
on	1
cases	1
-	1
all	1
the	1
holes	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
right	1
places	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
buy	1
it	1
again.	1
stations	1
that	1
sound	1
better	1
than	1
these	1
headphones!	1
Besides	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
occasionally	1
locks	1
up,	1
the	1
design	1
of	1
the	1
interface	1
is	1
just	1
about	1
the	1
worst	1
I've	1
ever	1
seen.	1
Highly	1
recomended.	1
DOSEN'T	1
FIT	1
EITHER.	1
This	1
battery	1
is	1
horrible,	1
it's	1
suppose	1
to	1
be	1
extended	1
life?	1
The	1
rebooting	1
seemed	1
much	1
more	1
random	1
and	1
much	1
more	1
severe.	1
The	1
other	1
times	1
I	1
get	1
dropouts	1
is	1
when	1
the	1
X60	1
is	1
doing	1
something	1
fairly	1
processor	1
intensive.	1
This	1
was	1
obviously	1
incorrect	1
as	1
I	1
sent	1
several	1
test	1
emails	1
to	1
my	1
Gmail	1
account	1
just	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
I	1
can	1
get	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
go	1
pick	1
them	1
up.	1
I	1
would	1
rat	1
it	1
2.5.	1
Unfortunately	1
I	1
lost	1
my	1
case	1
and	1
I	1
wish	1
there	1
had	1
been	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
connect	1
the	1
case	1
and	1
handheld	1
together	1
to	1
prevent	1
losing	1
the	1
case.	1
Had	1
I	1
not	1
been	1
such	1
a	1
procrastinator	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
returned	1
it[[ASIN:B0000CEPC8	1
Plantronics	1
CS50	1
900	1
MHz	1
Wireless	1
Office	1
Headset	1
System	1
Where	1
my	1
Moto	1
shows	1
5	1
green	1
bars	1
now,	1
the	1
Ericsson	1
would	1
show	1
a	1
2	1
or	1
3	1
amber	1
bars.	1
So	1
now	1
I	1
can	1
have	1
a	1
lighter	1
shade	1
phone	1
with	1
out	1
buying	1
a	1
new	1
one!	1
Hit	1
my	1
credit..	1
Never	1
had	1
a	1
bill	1
payment	1
problem	1
in	1
my	1
life.	1
I	1
downloaded	1
the	1
software	1
that	1
come	1
with	1
the	1
cd,	1
but	1
didn't	1
work.	1
Well,	1
It	1
has	1
some.	1
The	1
mirror	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
get	1
scratched	1
way	1
to	1
easily.	1
i	1
recently	1
bought	1
an	1
unlocked	1
V3x	1
from	1
chicago.	1
I	1
have	1
paired	1
it	1
with	1
three	1
different	1
phones	1
without	1
a	1
problem	1
and	1
with	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
connection	1
on	1
my	1
laptop,	1
which	1
lets	1
me	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
Skype.	1
The	1
second	1
phone	1
had	1
electrical	1
problems.	1
I	1
received	1
a	1
generic	1
reply	1
which	1
was	1
of	1
no	1
help	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
I	1
only	1
had	1
10	1
days	1
to	1
send	1
the	1
item	1
to	1
them	1
No	1
Refund	1
would	1
be	1
given	1
-	1
a	1
store	1
credit.	1
Everything	1
as	1
promised.	1
Description	1
is	1
wrong!.	1
"We	1
went	1
back	1
and	1
forth	1
several	1
times,	1
but	1
Cingular	1
stuck	1
by	1
their	1
reasoning.	1
That	1
being	1
said,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
the	1
v330.	1
Look	1
elsewhere.	1
product	1
not	1
as	1
described.	1
When	1
everything	1
works	1
as	1
it	1
should	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
alright,	1
but	1
not	1
exceptional.	1
As	1
of	1
today	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
not	1
received	1
any	1
refund.	1
shipping	1
was	1
fast.	1
This	1
it	1
turned	1
out	1
was	1
the	1
cheap	1
plastic	1
cracking	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
with	1
each	1
movement.	1
Phone	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
bulkier	1
than	1
most	1
other	1
samsungs,	1
but	1
not	1
annoyingly	1
so.	1
The	1
battery	1
has	1
longevity	1
between	1
charges.	1
Delivery	1
was	1
prompt	1
with	1
no	1
hidden	1
fees.	1
Simply	1
fell	1
apart	1
when	1
removed.	1
only	1
the	1
2nd	1
b/t	1
I	1
have	1
tried.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
my	1
i90	1
for	1
18	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
have	1
tortured	1
the	1
heck	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
Are	1
you	1
ready	1
to	1
understand	1
billing	1
software	1
and	1
systems?5.	1
They	1
came	1
out	1
great	1
on	1
the	1
computer.Jaz	1
MP3	1
players	1
or	1
Digital	1
cameras	1
that	1
charge	1
through	1
the	1
USB	1
can	1
use	1
this	1
too	1
(or	1
with	1
a	1
USB-to-mini-USB	1
adapter).	1
(Is	1
there	1
a	1
blue	1
tooth	1
headset	1
that	1
just	1
has	1
an	1
on/off	1
button??)	1
i	1
hate	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
screen	1
blanks	1
out	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Dangit	1
you	1
N-Gage	1
deliciousnez.	1
It's	1
very	1
professional	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
would	1
definitely	1
buy	1
it	1
again	1
though	1
cuz	1
of	1
the	1
size	1
and	1
quality	1
:)	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
worry	1
about	1
searching	1
for	1
it.	1
Incredible	1
product.	1
(I	1
cannot	1
fathom	1
why	1
folks	1
would	1
want	1
to	1
send	1
photos	1
back	1
and	1
forth	1
to	1
devices	1
with	1
such	1
poor	1
video	1
resolution.	1
new	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
Bought	1
this	1
battery	1
thinking	1
I	1
was	1
getting	1
a	1
good	1
deal.	1
This	1
is	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
perfect	1
cross	1
between	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
a	1
PDA.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
boring,	1
old-fart	1
phone,	1
don't	1
get	1
this	1
one.	1
Terrible	1
reception.	1
So	1
far,	1
it's	1
been	1
working	1
really	1
well	1
for	1
me.	1
The	1
only	1
annoying	1
things	1
is	1
that	1
everytime	1
you	1
press	1
and	1
button	1
it	1
beeps	1
but	1
you	1
can	1
turn	1
it	1
off.	1
Hands	1
free	1
is	1
easy	1
with	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
earpiece	1
(Not	1
included).	1
I	1
finally	1
threw	1
it	1
away	1
tonight	1
and	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
stock	1
holster	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
He	1
sent	1
a	1
hyperlink	1
to	1
me	1
which	1
(after	1
4	1
tries)	1
worked.	1
Then	1
the	1
replacement	1
came,	1
and	1
now	1
after	1
a	1
week	1
or	1
so	1
it	1
won't	1
charge.	1
Spent	1
the	1
money	1
for	1
nothing.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
7	1
months	1
now,	1
and	1
it	1
looks	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
day	1
I	1
first	1
got	1
it.	1
How	1
ever	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
with	1
two	1
cables	1
that	1
do	1
not	1
fit	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
free	1
software""	1
from	1
another	1
site	1
that	1
does	1
not	1
support	1
the	1
phones	1
of	1
today."	1
And	1
within	1
an	1
hour	1
or	1
two	1
-	1
bam!	1
In	1
experimenting,	1
I	1
discovered	1
that	1
by	1
placing	1
cardboard	1
under	1
the	1
PC	1
stand	1
to	1
raise	1
it	1
up	1
a	1
little,	1
it	1
ended	1
the	1
rattle	1
and	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
wobble.	1
All	1
she	1
heard	1
was	1
static	1
and	1
crackling.	1
You	1
can	1
throw	1
it	1
into	1
any	1
pocket.	1
No	1
matter	1
which	1
phone,	1
everyone	1
who	1
I	1
talk	1
with	1
through	1
the	1
T305	1
asks	1
me	1
if	1
I'm	1
in	1
a	1
tunnel.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
battery	1
after	1
my	1
other	1
ones	1
expired	1
(I	1
had	1
two	1
spares).	1
Best	1
Bluetooth	1
Ever!.	1
I	1
agree	1
with	1
the	1
battery-giver	1
-	1
get	1
the	1
real	1
thing.	1
This	1
product	1
works	1
well	1
with	1
about	1
any	1
Bluetooth	1
source.	1
You	1
can	1
also	1
mute	1
the	1
headset	1
by	1
pushing	1
the	1
up	1
and	1
down	1
volume	1
buttons	1
simultaneously.COMFORT/FITI	1
was	1
skeptical	1
about	1
the	1
fit	1
of	1
this	1
headset.	1
That's	1
fine	1
but	1
why	1
are	1
they	1
still	1
advertising	1
them	1
as	1
"in	1
stock"	1
on	1
Amazon.	1
Coby	1
Cassette	1
Adapter.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
problems	1
in	1
the	1
past	1
with	1
some	1
chargers	1
not	1
working	1
with	1
this	1
phone,	1
perhaps	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
wiring	1
within	1
the	1
USB	1
connector.	1
As	1
seen	1
in	1
previous	1
reviews,	1
the	1
reception	1
goes	1
away	1
for	1
no	1
reason.	1
I	1
pulled	1
this	1
out,	1
called	1
into	1
the	1
bridge..	1
perfect.	1
My	1
husband	1
had	1
lost	1
one	1
iPhone,	1
and	1
so	1
we	1
were	1
relieved	1
that	1
he	1
didn't	1
lose	1
his	1
current	1
phone	1
while	1
using	1
this	1
product.	1
Fake!,	1
fake!,	1
fake!.	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
light-weight	1
of	1
this	1
"skin."	1
As	1
mentioned	1
by	1
nearly	1
everyone,	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
download	1
new	1
drivers	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work.	1
i	1
wouldnt	1
tell	1
a	1
friend.	1
However,	1
I	1
soon	1
realized	1
that	1
it	1
wasn't	1
able	1
to	1
answer	1
incoming	1
calls	1
by	1
pressing	1
the	1
headset	1
button.	1
They	1
are	1
not	1
willing	1
to	1
provide	1
a	1
replacement.Second	1
friend's	1
experienceHis	1
phone	1
went	1
dead	1
just	1
in	1
two	1
days.	1
pleasant	1
suprise.	1
*	1
LOW	1
VOLUME.	1
Cannot	1
lay	1
on	1
shoulder	1
to	1
talk.	1
The	1
worst	1
part	1
is	1
that	1
Cingular	1
starts	1
billing	1
you	1
from	1
the	1
day	1
you	1
place	1
your	1
order.	1
These	1
tips	1
stayed	1
on	1
very	1
firmly	1
early	1
on,	1
though	1
in	1
time	1
they	1
were	1
increasingly	1
prone	1
to	1
fall	1
off	1
as	1
they	1
aged	1
and	1
wore	1
out.	1
it	1
also	1
can	1
play	1
midi	1
music	1
files	1
which	1
most	1
MP3	1
players	1
can	1
not.	1
I	1
am	1
hearing	1
impaired	1
and	1
this	1
product	1
allows	1
me	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
without	1
making	1
my	1
hearing	1
aid	1
squeal.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
time	1
with	1
any	1
others.	1
Sanyo	1
is	1
known	1
for	1
it's	1
quality	1
products,	1
and	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
my	1
choice	1
I	1
would	1
buy	1
one,	1
in	1
a	1
heart-beat!	1
Not	1
a	1
bad	1
set.	1
If	1
you	1
own	1
this	1
phone,	1
email	1
SE	1
and	1
insist	1
that	1
the	1
make	1
this	1
phone	1
the	1
perfect	1
phone	1
it	1
could	1
be....	1
Thank	1
you	1
for	1
your	1
support.	1
it's	1
been	1
about	1
three	1
weeks	1
now	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
email	1
them	1
and	1
ask	1
why	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
received	1
my	1
refund	1
and	1
no	1
apology	1
for	1
their	1
mistake.	1
Keep	1
looking.	1
I	1
switch	1
cases	1
as	1
often	1
as	1
I	1
do	1
purses.	1
I	1
never	1
know	1
when	1
my	1
cell	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
die	1
on	1
me	1
so	1
I	1
always	1
carry	1
a	1
spare	1
charged	1
battery	1
to	1
avoid	1
any	1
inconveniences.	1
The	1
noizefree	1
amplifies	1
the	1
caller's	1
voice	1
and	1
music	1
lyrics	1
Solid	1
battery	1
life.7.	1
My	1
phone	1
stopped	1
working.	1
After	1
this,	1
the	1
top	1
fastener	1
on	1
the	1
case	1
loosened	1
up	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
tended	1
to	1
slip	1
out....just	1
replace	1
this	1
case	1
each	1
year	1
and	1
you'll	1
be	1
fine.	1
The	1
items	1
in	1
this	1
package	1
are	1
inferior	1
quality.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
battery	1
because	1
I	1
saved	1
this	1
very	1
old	1
phone	1
from	1
before	1
which	1
was	1
my	1
favorite,	1
nokia	1
2	1
way	1
and	1
it	1
light	1
up	1
bright	1
blue.	1
Strong	1
Design.	1
The	1
pro	1
to	1
this	1
particular	1
model	1
s	1
really	1
size.	1
Bad	1
quality.	1
How	1
can	1
this	1
be	1
the	1
only	1
option	1
for	1
a	1
little	1
earhook?	1
Almost	1
perfect.	1
Just	1
to	1
clean	1
things	1
up	1
a	1
bit	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
correct	1
it.	1
I'm	1
not	1
using	1
the	1
clip-on	1
feature	1
and	1
wish	1
that	1
attachment	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
were	1
removable.	1
But	1
this	1
one	1
doesn't	1
work	1
from	1
the	1
get	1
go.	1
Very	1
Resonably	1
Priced	1
Headset,	1
with	1
great	1
quality!.	1
It	1
gives	1
you	1
just	1
enough	1
freedom	1
to	1
roam.	1
Charger	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
All	1
purchased	1
thru	1
Amazon.	1
Controls	1
are	1
not	1
intuitive,	1
but	1
work	1
very	1
well	1
once	1
you	1
take	1
the	1
time	1
to	1
read	1
the	1
manual.4.	1
Not	1
what	1
picture	1
shows.	1
This	1
battery	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
Sony	1
Erricson	1
TM506	1
phone.	1
It	1
has	1
very	1
weak	1
and	1
limited	1
range	1
(ear	1
piece	1
to	1
phone	1
unit),	1
maybe	1
15	1
feet	1
only.	1
This	1
is	1
evident	1
by	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
manufacturer	1
markings,	1
the	1
packaging	1
and	1
the	1
cheap	1
sound	1
quality.	1
This	1
battery	1
turned	1
out	1
to	1
be	1
even	1
worse	1
than	1
that	1
battery!	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
speak	1
in	1
a	1
normal	1
tone	1
when	1
I	1
use	1
it.Would	1
recommend	1
this	1
without	1
hesitation.	1
You	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
as	1
a	1
modem	1
if	1
you	1
purchase	1
a	1
USB	1
cable	1
and	1
software	1
(which	1
Sprint	1
no	1
longer	1
provides).	1
Better	1
Than	1
an	1
Earpiece	1
Bluetooth.	1
Have	1
you	1
tried	1
to	1
upload	1
pictures	1
for	1
wallpaper	1
through	1
email	1
and	1
find	1
them	1
terribly	1
digitally	1
pixeled?	1
love	1
my	1
blackberry	1
Like	1
all	1
products	1
eventually	1
it	1
died	1
so	1
the	1
search	1
was	1
on	1
for	1
another	1
pair.	1
Solid	1
-	1
does	1
what	1
it	1
should	1
do.	1
Dead	1
on	1
arrival.	1
DANGER!!!!.	1
Incoming	1
sound	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
charger	1
for	1
the	1
car.	1
It	1
was	1
crap,	1
and	1
it	1
stopped	1
working	1
two	1
weeks	1
after	1
I	1
got	1
it.	1
Front	1
buttons	1
are	1
not	1
secured..	1
Myself	1
and	1
two	1
co-workers	1
had	1
this	1
device,	1
back	1
in	1
2007.	1
In	1
case	1
you	1
don't	1
get	1
the	1
drift,	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
look	1
into	1
another	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
good	1
quality	1
phone	1
all	1
around.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
It	1
worked	1
ok	1
for	1
ONE	1
day.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
it,	1
tho	1
at	1
times	1
there	1
is	1
significant	1
static.	1
Excelente	1
Faceplate!!.	1
Although	1
it	1
upgrades	1
itself	1
it	1
took	1
3	1
times	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
current.	1
They	1
are	1
designed	1
to	1
be	1
portable,	1
long	1
range,	1
and	1
non	1
corded,	1
which	1
they	1
perform	1
flawlessly.	1
Works	1
Really	1
Well	1
Indeed.	1
When	1
we	1
tried	1
it,	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
work.	1
Great	1
product!	1
I	1
keep	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
for	1
about	1
12	1
hours	1
a	1
day	1
&	1
on	1
the	1
2nd	1
day,	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
dead	1
after	1
about	1
4	1
hours.	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
to	1
try	1
to	1
return.	1
An	1
ebay	1
seller	1
is	1
offerring	1
a	1
replacement	1
button	1
fo	1
24$,	1
HP	1
told	1
me	1
to	1
buy	1
it	1
from	1
them,	1
can	1
you	1
believe	1
that?	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
synchronize	1
your	1
address	1
book	1
with	1
the	1
D807,	1
then	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
manually	1
send	1
each	1
item	1
as	1
a	1
vcard	1
export.	1
(I	1
bought	1
a	1
black	1
RAZR	1
because	1
it's	1
cheaper	1
than	1
getting	1
one	1
that's	1
tinted	1
a	1
particular	1
color.)	1
It	1
didn't	1
work	1
at	1
all,	1
BlueProton	1
promised	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
but	1
the	1
replacement	1
never	1
arrived	1
Not	1
a	1
650	1
Case	1
but	1
it	1
works.	1
But	1
for	1
5	1
bucks,	1
it's	1
not	1
worth	1
sending	1
back.	1
I	1
could	1
only	1
hear	1
one	1
side	1
of	1
my	1
headphones.	1
Small	1
and	1
compact	1
but	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great.	1
When	1
taking	1
pictures	1
to	1
use	1
for	1
your	1
wallpaper,	1
it's	1
extremely	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
picture	1
centered.	1
When	1
you	1
are	1
adding	1
a	1
new	1
contact	1
phone	1
number,	1
the	1
phone	1
temporarily	1
stores	1
the	1
number	1
into	1
memory	1
while	1
you	1
type	1
out	1
first	1
name,	1
last	1
name.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
hesitant	1
buying	1
an	1
unlocked	1
phone	1
over	1
the	1
internet	1
and	1
from	1
a	1
distributor	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
unfamiliar	1
with,	1
but	1
my	1
experience	1
was	1
great.	1
Overall	1
DONT	1
BUY	1
THIS!!	1
NO	1
SUPPORT.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
5	1
months	1
now,	1
and	1
I'd	1
have	1
to	1
lower	1
the	1
rating	1
to	1
3	1
stars.	1
It	1
is	1
good	1
when	1
it	1
works...	1
They	1
seemed	1
to	1
speak	1
more	1
consistently	1
about	1
the	1
comfort	1
of	1
this	1
model	1
compared	1
to	1
others.	1
Thanks	1
Amazon.com	1
and	1
the	1
seller,	1
PCMonde!	1
Since	1
the	1
case	1
had	1
given	1
me	1
excellent	1
service,	1
I	1
found	1
this	1
case	1
on	1
Amazon	1
and	1
purchased	1
it.	1
i	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
monster	1
does	1
it	1
but	1
if	1
can	1
get	1
your	1
hands	1
on	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
you	1
should...it's	1
amazing.	1
And	1
I	1
heard	1
a	1
beep	1
and	1
it	1
started	1
ringing.	1
Not	1
Worth	1
It.	1
Careful	1
-	1
it	1
might	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
your	1
phone!.	1
I	1
got	1
50	1
instant	1
rebate	1
(for	1
upgrading)	1
and	1
100	1
extra	1
mail	1
in	1
rebate.	1
HORRIBLE	1
reception.	1
No	1
quality.	1
When	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
not	1
in	1
use	1
it	1
is	1
recharging	1
on	1
the	1
stand.After	1
approximately	1
6	1
months	1
of	1
use	1
the	1
headphones	1
stopped	1
functioning.	1
It	1
was	1
also	1
missing	1
the	1
over	1
the	1
ear	1
clip,	1
which	1
made	1
it	1
useless.	1
A	1
very	1
nice	1
hands	1
free	1
kit.	1
It	1
came	1
within	1
a	1
week	1
and	1
was	1
exactly	1
as	1
expected.	1
Easy	1
to	1
set	1
up.	1
Useless	1
with	1
Verizon.	1
invest	1
in	1
something	1
else.	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
just	1
bad	1
luck,	1
then	1
made	1
an	1
exchange	1
to	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
I	1
dropped	1
my	1
phone	1
on	1
carpet	1
once	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
cover	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
flew	1
right	1
off.	1
If	1
I	1
twist	1
and	1
jiggle	1
the	1
connector	1
just	1
right,	1
I	1
*might*	1
get	1
the	1
right	1
headphone	1
to	1
work,	1
but	1
never	1
both.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
play	1
around	1
with	1
the	1
cord	1
and	1
keep	1
it	1
in	1
place	1
to	1
get	1
any	1
kind	1
of	1
power	1
from	1
it.	1
Not	1
for	1
Windows	1
7....	1
Some	1
experimentation	1
was	1
needed	1
in	1
order	1
to	1
install	1
and	1
use	1
on	1
a	1
Windows	1
7	1
Professional	1
x64	1
system.	1
Nicole	1
Miller	1
cell	1
phone	1
carrier.	1
I've	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
it	1
falling	1
out,	1
but	1
I	1
usually	1
keep	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
or	1
vertical	1
and	1
take	1
special	1
care	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
it's	1
secure.	1
Switches	1
on	1
in	1
3	1
seconds	1
and	1
syncs	1
immediately.2.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
manually	1
input	1
all	1
information	1
to	1
another	1
organizer	1
from	1
the	1
Palm.	1
My	1
upgrade	1
time	1
is	1
here,	1
so	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
with	1
them.	1
I	1
cannot	1
stand	1
the	1
A/C	1
wall	1
charger	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
Fire.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
H500	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
TERRIBLE!	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
and	1
certainly	1
last	1
time	1
of	1
ever	1
buying	1
a	1
Logitech	1
product.	1
While	1
it	1
is	1
larger	1
than	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
tiny	1
flip-phones,	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
nice	1
solid	1
feel	1
and	1
clear	1
sound.	1
I	1
am	1
hoping	1
that	1
the	1
third	1
time	1
will	1
be	1
a	1
charm,	1
but	1
am	1
not	1
holding	1
my	1
breath.	1
Wife	1
is	1
happy	1
again.	1
Great	1
Bargin.	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
shipping	1
to	1
return!.	1
This	1
headset	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
worst	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
tried	1
I	1
can't	1
believe	1
that	1
people	1
actually	1
give	1
it	1
more	1
than	1
one	1
star.	1
Worse	1
yet,	1
the	1
menus	1
are	1
set	1
up	1
so	1
that	1
those	1
buttons	1
always	1
seem	1
to	1
be	1
between	1
anything	1
useful	1
and	1
you.	1
Usually	1
when	1
you	1
close	1
a	1
flip	1
phone	1
the	1
call	1
will	1
end	1
or	1
begin	1
when	1
you	1
open	1
it.	1
Not	1
enough	1
reasons	1
to	1
upgrade	1
for	1
800i	1
owners.	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
phone	1
in	1
November	1
and	1
since	1
then	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
reading	1
reviews	1
on	1
different	1
bluetooth	1
headsets.	1
This	1
is	1
junk.	1
What	1
impresses	1
me	1
the	1
most,	1
as	1
mentioned,	1
is	1
the	1
sound	1
quality.	1
So	1
what	1
if	1
it's	1
a	1
couple	1
centimeters	1
bigger,	1
sheesh!	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
cable	1
for	1
my	1
daughter	1
so	1
she	1
could	1
plug	1
her	1
Ipod	1
into	1
her	1
car	1
radio.	1
Works	1
great.	1
Bad	1
phone,	1
good	1
features.	1
Belkin	1
Tune	1
Talk	1
is	1
Awesome!.	1
On	1
the	1
contrary,	1
it	1
is	1
actually	1
made	1
of	1
a	1
loose,	1
rubber-like	1
substance.	1
But	1
for	1
under	1
$50,	1
there's	1
no	1
better	1
alternative	1
than	1
the	1
HS805,	1
which	1
has	1
easy	1
controls	1
and	1
pairing,	1
and	1
quality	1
sound.	1
Returned	1
and	1
purchased	1
a	1
different	1
item.	1
As	1
for	1
the	1
service,	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
with	1
T-mobile	1
for	1
three	1
years	1
now,	1
but	1
as	1
each	1
year	1
passes,	1
they	1
seem	1
to	1
be	1
getting	1
worse.	1
Continuously	1
listening	1
to	1
high-pitched	1
sounds	1
may	1
become	1
annoying	1
after	1
some	1
time.	1
And	1
the	1
product	1
was	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
had	1
bought	1
2	1
years	1
earlier	1
at	1
Best	1
Buy	1
for	1
$79.00.	1
Good	1
value	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Battery	1
&	1
Charger	1
Works	1
as	1
Advertised.	1
I	1
don't	1
really	1
have	1
anything	1
to	1
compare	1
this	1
battery	1
to.	1
So	1
I	1
called	1
in	1
and	1
exchanged	1
the	1
phones	1
under	1
the	1
warranty,	1
yet	1
we	1
still	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
problems.Quite	1
honestly,	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
isn't	1
that	1
bad.	1
BUYER	1
BEWARE.	1
This	1
allows	1
you	1
to	1
leave	1
your	1
laptop	1
at	1
home.	1
Nothing	1
great,	1
wears	1
out,	1
smells	1
odd..	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
holder	1
I	1
purchased	1
and	1
favorite	1
for	1
awhile.	1
And	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
just	1
activating	1
your	1
phone	1
or	1
even	1
just	1
reactivating	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
100	1
free	1
minutes	1
by	1
using	1
the	1
refer	1
a	1
friend	1
service.	1
Outlook	1
integration	1
for	1
contacts	1
and	1
appointments	1
is	1
excellent5.	1
You	1
are	1
thinking	1
(as	1
did	1
i)	1
he's	1
just	1
wanting	1
to	1
sell	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
battery	1
that	1
costs	1
more	1
than	1
i	1
paid	1
for	1
the	1
phone!	1
Bad	1
design!.	1
This	1
cable,	1
aside	1
from	1
being	1
a	1
standard	1
Walmart	1
item,	1
won't	1
work.	1
OK	1
it's	1
actually	1
the	1
review	1
for	1
the	1
L6	1
but	1
the	1
features	1
are	1
the	1
same.Here's	1
the	1
good	1
part	1
->	1
It	1
looks	1
good.Here's	1
the	1
bad	1
part:Reception	1
-	1
Terrible.	1
They	1
are	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
very	1
comfortable.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
make	1
this	1
an	1
even	1
better	1
deal,	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
these	1
cards	1
cheaper	1
on	1
ebay	1
(NO	1
taxes!!	1
Finally	1
found	1
this	1
one	1
as	1
he	1
had	1
before	1
&	1
there	1
have	1
been	1
no	1
issues	1
since.	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
as	1
I	1
cannot	1
exchange	1
this	1
phone	1
any	1
more...	1
The	1
holster	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
the	1
Krzr	1
cell	1
phone.	1
A	1
firmware	1
upgrade	1
could	1
fix	1
this	1
(require	1
the	1
case	1
to	1
be	1
open,	1
for	1
instance).	1
This	1
may	1
explain	1
the	1
wide	1
range	1
of	1
customer	1
experience	1
with	1
regard	1
to	1
these	1
batteries.	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
wrong	1
battery.	1
Avoid	1
this	1
phone	1
(and	1
possibly	1
Samsung).	1
I	1
paid	1
an	1
extra	1
$10.	1
hopfully	1
the	1
new	1
batch	1
has	1
these	1
issues	1
fixed	1
I	1
broke	1
the	1
plastic	1
hook	1
the	1
2nd	1
day.	1
I	1
LOVE	1
IT!.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
Jan	1
'05.	1
Another	1
thing	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
just	1
overall	1
too	1
thick	1
to	1
fit	1
in	1
a	1
pocket.	1
Poor	1
quality,	1
but	1
it	1
gets	1
the	1
job	1
done.	1
When	1
you	1
answer	1
it	1
by	1
flipping	1
it	1
open,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
wait	1
2	1
seconds	1
to	1
say	1
"Hello"	1
or	1
the	1
person	1
won't	1
hear	1
you.	1
The	1
optimum	1
sensitivity	1
for	1
the	1
pushbuttons	1
is	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
in	1
a	1
pocket	1
.	1
The	1
little	1
loop/ring	1
on	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
to	1
create	1
kind	1
of	1
a	1
resistence	1
so	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
fall	1
out.	1
El	1
art&iacute;culo	1
lleg&oacute;	1
rapido	1
y	1
funciona	1
perfectamente,	1
el	1
precio	1
es	1
bastante	1
bueno...	1
le	1
doy	1
mis	1
5....	1
Invest	1
in	1
one	1
that	1
works..	1
This	1
isn't	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
that	1
I	1
"tried"	1
for	1
my	1
Razr.	1
The	1
opening	1
flap	1
of	1
the	1
case	1
opens	1
from	1
the	1
inside,	1
(side	1
closes	1
to	1
your	1
body)	1
out	1
with	1
the	1
male	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
Velcro	1
on	1
the	1
flap.	1
Scehdule	1
for	1
Recurring	1
Events	1
Is	1
Not	1
Visible	1
on	1
Calendar.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
thinking	1
about	1
another	1
sonny	1
ericsson	1
I	1
had	1
couple	1
years	1
ago.	1
i	1
use	1
it	1
everyday	1
with	1
my	1
iPod	1
Touch.	1
The	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
that	1
goes	1
into	1
the	1
device	1
breaks	1
easily.Not	1
going	1
to	1
buy	1
another	1
bluetooth	1
product	1
that	1
goes	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
THE	1
BOMB!!!!.	1
***	1
UPDATE	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
while	1
now	1
and	1
the	1
battery	1
swelled	1
up	1
and	1
no	1
longer	1
takes	1
a	1
charge.	1
I	1
can't	1
believe	1
how	1
badly	1
Aliph	1
missed	1
the	1
mark	1
with	1
this	1
headset!First,	1
the	1
good.	1
Stupid	1
design,	1
but	1
a	1
good	1
pen.	1
(As	1
of	1
this	1
writing	1
you	1
can	1
also	1
get	1
a	1
fantastic	1
deal	1
on	1
clearance	1
phones	1
at	1
the	1
Virgin	1
site.	1
They	1
gladly	1
refunded	1
my	1
money.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
could	1
write	1
something	1
about	1
this	1
phone	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
waiting	1
close	1
to	1
3	1
months	1
for	1
this	1
thing,	1
where	1
is	1
it.	1
I've	1
had	1
a	1
number	1
of	1
phones	1
before	1
Nextel's	1
i90c	1
and	1
none	1
of	1
them	1
would	1
perform	1
well	1
in	1
my	1
master	1
bedroom.	1
A	1
weak	1
breeze	1
in	1
the	1
room	1
would	1
cause	1
the	1
connections	1
to	1
fail.	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
second	1
one,	1
and	1
will	1
wait	1
for	1
a	1
little	1
longer	1
to	1
try	1
next	1
batch	1
from	1
manufacturer.	1
Works	1
very	1
well,	1
especially	1
as	1
a	1
hands-free	1
while	1
driving.	1
My	1
wife	1
and	1
I	1
did	1
some	1
online	1
checking	1
before	1
we	1
bought	1
our	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Z520a	1
phones	1
from	1
Cingular.	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
performance	1
of	1
this	1
case.	1
Sprint	1
was	1
fine	1
along	1
the	1
Interstate,	1
but	1
not	1
in	1
rural	1
areas	1
off	1
the	1
Interstate.	1
Though	1
I	1
installed	1
the	1
included	1
software	1
disc,	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
computer	1
to	1
communicate.	1
I	1
did	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
of	1
research	1
which	1
was	1
about	1
80%	1
positive.	1
How	1
can	1
you	1
say	1
this	1
is	1
aworkable	1
solution?	1
It	1
paired	1
with	1
my	1
iPhone	1
just	1
fine	1
but	1
the	1
output	1
level	1
was	1
so	1
low	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
turn	1
my	1
stereo	1
up	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
to	1
get	1
usable	1
volume.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
stocking	1
stuffer.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
is	1
constantly	1
falling	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
ear,	1
even	1
with	1
the	1
optional	1
behind	1
the	1
ear	1
hook.	1
I	1
tried	1
few	1
near	1
by	1
cities	1
which	1
are	1
adjacent	1
town	1
and	1
it	1
says	1
service	1
is	1
available.	1
Quality	1
of	1
screen	1
is	1
great	1
-	1
color	1
and	1
definition	1
excellent2.	1
Very	1
pleased.	1
In	1
areas	1
of	1
low	1
reception,	1
the	1
microphone	1
didn't	1
work	1
well.	1
The	1
Jabra	1
FreeSpeak	1
BT250	1
is	1
not	1
ready	1
to	1
be	1
utilized	1
in	1
the	1
business	1
enviroment.	1
This	1
little	1
product	1
works	1
great	1
at	1
holding	1
the	1
phone	1
tight	1
to	1
your	1
waist	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
pop	1
out.	1
And	1
yes,	1
I	1
get	1
excellent	1
stereo	1
reception	1
with	1
both.	1
This	1
cable	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
the	1
little	1
keys	1
on	1
the	1
device	1
connector,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
constructed	1
with	1
pins	1
on	1
the	1
top	1
and	1
bottom	1
of	1
the	1
connector.	1
It	1
is	1
excellent.	1
Inet	1
is	1
slow.	1
I	1
still	1
haven't	1
figured	1
out	1
the	1
other	1
mystery	1
beeps	1
other	1
than	1
low	1
battery.	1
The	1
DC	1
speaker	1
has	1
loose	1
parts	1
in	1
it	1
so	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
in	1
a	1
DC	1
conversation	1
there's	1
so	1
much	1
rattling	1
it	1
makes	1
it	1
hard	1
to	1
hear.	1
)I	1
also	1
did	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
research	1
regarding	1
this	1
and	1
other	1
wireless	1
headphones.	1
wow	1
!great	1
protector	1
&	1
look	1
&	1
feels	1
great	1
!	1
The	1
all	1
in	1
one	1
package	1
is	1
really	1
inexpensive	1
vs	1
buying	1
all	1
of	1
these	1
accessories	1
separately.	1
The	1
ring	1
tones	1
are	1
loud	1
enough	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
hear	1
them	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
was	1
so	1
mad	1
I	1
through	1
it	1
away.	1
Get	1
a	1
new	1
computer	1
or	1
reinstall	1
windows	1
XP	1
Professional.	1
I	1
don't	1
understand....	1
One	1
reviewer	1
doesn't	1
buy	1
a	1
case	1
for	1
the	1
Treo	1
and	1
low-rates	1
the	1
product	1
because	1
he	1
breaks	1
the	1
unprotected	1
screen.	1
Considering	1
the	1
space	1
limitations	1
that	1
they	1
had.	1
Not	1
up	1
to	1
standards......	1
OK,	1
another	1
electronics	1
manufacturer	1
has	1
managed	1
to	1
make	1
another	1
cellphone.	1
What	1
makes	1
that	1
even	1
worse	1
is	1
that	1
it's	1
louder	1
than	1
the	1
caller's	1
voice.	1
I	1
like	1
this	1
case	1
because	1
the	1
leather	1
is	1
of	1
good	1
quality	1
and	1
the	1
case	1
design	1
is	1
nice	1
because	1
it	1
covers	1
the	1
screen	1
when	1
not	1
in	1
use.	1
When	1
I	1
drive	1
and	1
forget	1
my	1
earpiece	1
at	1
home,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
speaker	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work	1
that	1
well.	1
But	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
a	1
learning	1
curve	1
for	1
me.	1
The	1
materials	1
these	1
cables	1
are	1
built	1
with	1
are	1
not	1
up	1
to	1
the	1
stress	1
of	1
repetitive	1
extend/re-track	1
movements.	1
The	1
jawbone	1
is	1
huge	1
and	1
I	1
cant	1
turn	1
the	1
volume	1
up	1
loud	1
enough	1
to	1
hear	1
because	1
it	1
dont	1
go	1
far	1
enough	1
in	1
my	1
ear.	1
What	1
a	1
waste!	1
If	1
mine	1
ever	1
dies,	1
it'll	1
be	1
a	1
tough	1
decision	1
whether	1
to	1
upgrade	1
to	1
an	1
iphone	1
or	1
just	1
get	1
another	1
Razr...	1
Buy	1
it	1
you	1
are	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
waste	1
your	1
money..!	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
all	1
of	1
its'	1
features	1
and	1
the	1
touchscreen	1
is	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
and	1
more.	1
breaking	1
news!!!.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
H3	1
after	1
losing	1
my	1
Motorola	1
H500.	1
My	1
friends	1
started	1
complaining	1
that	1
they	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me.That	1
was	1
it.	1
As	1
others	1
have	1
noted	1
the	1
textured	1
sides	1
add	1
a	1
great	1
non-slip	1
feel,	1
but	1
the	1
case	1
overall	1
is	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
slip	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
of	1
a	1
pocket.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
If	1
I	1
lost	1
it	1
I'd	1
definitely	1
buy	1
the	1
same	1
one.	1
Does	1
NOT	1
need	1
the	1
Connectivity	1
Toolkit.	1
It	1
doesnt	1
make	1
any	1
sense,	1
not	1
everybody	1
who	1
buys	1
this	1
phone	1
use	1
AIM.	1
Doesn't	1
stick	1
to	1
my	1
car.	1
I	1
upgraded	1
to	1
this	1
phone	1
from	1
my	1
Motorola	1
v200	1
and	1
absolutely	1
love	1
it.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
isn't	1
perfect,	1
but	1
it's	1
good	1
and	1
I'm	1
just	1
glad	1
I	1
can	1
listen	1
to	1
my	1
ipod	1
through	1
my	1
car's	1
speakers.	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
hear	1
the	1
other	1
person,	1
but	1
they	1
could	1
not	1
hear	1
me	1
over	1
interference.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
is	1
light,	1
pairs	1
easily,	1
connects	1
quickly,	1
charges	1
quickly,	1
and	1
is	1
pretty	1
much	1
a	1
no	1
brainer.	1
The	1
second	1
one	1
I	1
bought,	1
the	1
plug	1
fell	1
apart,	1
literally,	1
within	1
5	1
days	1
of	1
purchase..	1
I'm	1
keeping	1
it	1
together	1
with	1
tape.	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
headphones	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
my	1
the	1
music	1
player	1
on	1
my	1
new	1
cell	1
phone	1
when	1
I	1
go	1
running	1
or	1
biking.	1
And	1
yes,	1
I	1
get	1
excellent	1
stereo	1
reception	1
with	1
both.	1
thank	1
god	1
that	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
not	1
caught	1
the	1
fancy	1
of	1
everyone	1
and	1
this	1
phone	1
remains	1
exclusive..	1
hhehehehehhe	1
for	1
the	1
sexy	1
geeks.	1
After	1
2	1
weeks	1
the	1
phone	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
All	1
the	1
necessary	1
cables	1
are	1
included	1
and	1
the	1
software	1
worked	1
perfectly.My	1
only	1
criticism	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
instructions	1
could	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
detailed.	1
These	1
areas	1
are	1
very	1
small,	1
only	1
about	1
300	1
feet	1
long.	1
After	1
getting	1
the	1
latest	1
replacement,	1
I	1
called	1
Plantronics	1
Tech	1
Support	1
and	1
spoke	1
to	1
Will.	1
So	1
basically,	1
coming	1
from	1
someone	1
who	1
has	1
gone	1
through	1
a	1
good	1
percentage	1
of	1
T-Mobile's	1
stock	1
of	1
3-E315	1
phones,	1
stay	1
away.	1
Of	1
course,	1
I	1
would	1
expect	1
nothing	1
less	1
from	1
the	1
nextel	1
network.	1
This	1
product	1
was	1
refurbished	1
and	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
deal.	1
Great..Ignore	1
the	1
Iphone	1
fan	1
boys.	1
There	1
was	1
only	1
once	1
or	1
twice	1
that	1
my	1
headset	1
had	1
some	1
connecting	1
issue,	1
which	1
made	1
the	1
music	1
stop	1
for	1
several	1
seconds.	1
It	1
is	1
quite	1
bright,	1
but	1
somehow	1
can	1
still	1
be	1
missed	1
by	1
people	1
who	1
just	1
come	1
up	1
and	1
talk	1
to	1
me	1
even	1
though	1
it's	1
blinking.	1
BlueAnt	1
Rating.	1
I	1
got	1
double	1
minuts	1
everytime	1
I	1
buy	1
minutes	1
and	1
never	1
had	1
any	1
problems	1
they	1
always	1
give	1
extra	1
minutes	1
as	1
promotion.	1
The	1
number	1
they	1
assigned	1
me	1
was	1
used	1
by	1
someone	1
to	1
purchase	1
ringtones	1
through	1
a	1
website	1
without	1
my	1
knowledge.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
doesn't	1
cost	1
an	1
arm	1
and	1
a	1
leg!	1
Maybe	1
its	1
us	1
,	1
maybe	1
its	1
the	1
batteries.	1
Pairing	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
was	1
not	1
an	1
issue.	1
It	1
feels	1
like	1
it's	1
going	1
to	1
slip	1
out	1
of	1
your	1
hands	1
and	1
as	1
if	1
there	1
is	1
really	1
nothing	1
to	1
hold	1
on	1
to.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
2	1
different	1
cordless	1
phones	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
my	1
Motorola	1
cellphone!	1
I	1
finally	1
got	1
rid	1
of	1
mine	1
and	1
decided	1
to	1
order	1
an	1
SE	1
HBH-610	1
aslo	1
through	1
Amazon,	1
I	1
will	1
rate	1
that	1
later	1
when	1
it	1
arrives.	1
Don't	1
touch	1
the	1
button.	1
Eforcity	1
Li-Ion	1
Battery.	1
stand	1
is	1
meant	1
for	1
phones/PDAs,	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
big	1
and	1
sturdy	1
enough	1
for	1
an	1
iPad,	1
but	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
use	1
it	1
anyway.UPDATE	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
uncertain	1
you	1
will	1
keep	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
service,	1
DON'T	1
BUY	1
from	1
Cingular.	1
After	1
much	1
research,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
purchase	1
the	1
plantronics	1
version	1
and	1
absolutely	1
love	1
it.	1
Use	1
your	1
Treo	1
as	1
an	1
MP3	1
player.	1
Calls	1
are	1
answered	1
easily	1
by	1
pushing	1
a	1
button	1
and	1
callers	1
say	1
that	1
my	1
voice	1
is	1
clear.	1
Top	1
up	1
every	1
90	1
days	1
and	1
you're	1
good	1
to	1
go.	1
My	1
phone	1
has	1
been	1
thru	1
soo	1
much.	1
All	1
holes	1
line	1
up.	1
Great	1
seller	1
communications.	1
It	1
took	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
battery.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
given	1
me	1
nothing	1
but	1
problems.	1
Excellent	1
Choice.	1
where	1
the	1
MPx220	1
and	1
me	1
are	1
concerned,	1
I	1
have	1
just	1
been	1
unlucky.	1
Phone	1
calls	1
only	1
come	1
in	1
on	1
left	1
earpiece.	1
I	1
wanted	1
power	1
for	1
a	1
small	1
12	1
volt	1
fan	1
and	1
this	1
converter	1
fit	1
into	1
my	1
alloted	1
space	1
and	1
provided	1
the	1
necessary	1
power.	1
Samsung	1
3rd	1
tier	1
says	1
that's	1
the	1
way	1
all	1
Mx00	1
phones	1
are.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
allows	1
for	1
great	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
is	1
quite	1
comfortable.	1
I	1
got	1
one	1
headset	1
to	1
work	1
just	1
once,	1
but	1
when	1
I	1
turned	1
my	1
music	1
volume	1
up	1
full	1
blast	1
I	1
could	1
barely	1
hear	1
anything.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
because	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Motorola	1
Q	1
and	1
wanted	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
headset	1
that	1
would	1
pair	1
well.	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Jabra	1
headset	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
ago,	1
and	1
have	1
used	1
it	1
every	1
day	1
with	1
my	1
SonyEricsson	1
T610	1
phone.	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
depress	1
those	1
keys	1
multiple	1
times	1
before	1
it	1
would	1
register.2.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
other	1
cell	1
phones	1
and	1
they	1
have	1
cool	1
covers	1
but	1
they	1
are	1
so	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
on	1
and	1
off!!!	1
I	1
expect	1
it	1
to	1
last	1
a	1
long	1
time,	1
too.	1
Product	1
arrived	1
promptly	1
and	1
as	1
promised.	1
They	1
are	1
good	1
quality	1
and	1
work	1
well.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
candybar	1
style	1
phone	1
with	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
memory,	1
this	1
will	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
choice.Good	1
luck	1
Great	1
Idea.	1
not	1
good	1
at	1
all.	1
you	1
might	1
as	1
well	1
go	1
sit	1
in	1
a	1
room	1
with	1
nothing	1
in	1
it	1
for	1
good	1
reception.needless	1
to	1
say,	1
it's	1
for	1
sale	1
on	1
ebay!	1
Only	1
gripe	1
i	1
have	1
is	1
that	1
i	1
wish	1
the	1
FM	1
radio	1
would	1
work	1
without	1
your	1
headset	1
plugged	1
in.	1
Bought	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
that,	1
of	1
course,	1
died	1
one	1
week	1
past	1
their	1
return/refund	1
deadline.	1
Very	1
pleased.	1
This	1
happened	1
to	1
me	1
only	1
twice	1
in	1
the	1
2	1
month	1
period.	1
Unfortunately	1
you	1
will	1
need	1
to	1
spend	1
more.	1
I	1
choose	1
not	1
to	1
use	1
Bluetooth	1
so	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
handsfree	1
headset	1
that	1
was	1
plugin.	1
One	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
for	1
another.	1
The	1
razr	1
I	1
replaced	1
with	1
the	1
enV	1
was	1
through	1
AT&T	1
so	1
maybe	1
that's	1
the	1
reason.	1
It's	1
a	1
bit	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
comfortable	1
on	1
the	1
ear,	1
and	1
the	1
internal	1
buttons	1
take	1
some	1
getting	1
used	1
to.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
both	1
from	1
the	1
listners	1
and	1
my	1
end.	1
I	1
pretty	1
much	1
get	1
reception	1
everwhere.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
purchased	1
more	1
to	1
give	1
as	1
birthday	1
and	1
christmas	1
gifts.	1
We	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
store,	1
thinking	1
it	1
was	1
defective.	1
it's	1
always	1
a	1
toss	1
up	1
when	1
one	1
needs	1
a	1
new	1
charger	1
for	1
an	1
old	1
phone.	1
This	1
product	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
the	1
cellphone	1
it	1
says	1
it's	1
for.	1
Simply	1
excellent.	1
You	1
have	1
one	1
satisfied	1
customer	1
here!	1
Maybe	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
product.It	1
is	1
NOT	1
for	1
any	1
RIM	1
BLACKBERRY!Buyer	1
BEWARE!	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
pretty	1
good	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
what	1
people	1
are	1
saying	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
Wish	1
that	1
HAD	1
been	1
my	1
experience.	1
The	1
listing	1
for	1
this	1
products	1
states	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
for	1
use	1
on	1
the	1
iPad.	1
May	1
look	1
cool,	1
but	1
performance	1
sub	1
par.	1
I	1
wear	1
mine	1
all	1
day	1
and	1
even	1
able	1
to	1
execute	1
my	1
usual	1
wild	1
flailing	1
with	1
my	1
driver	1
at	1
the	1
practice	1
range	1
without	1
dislodging	1
it.	1
Fantastic	1
Charger.	1
I	1
traded	1
the	1
RAZR	1
for	1
a	1
pudgy	1
Samsung	1
SCH-a950.	1
Will	1
read	1
"Insert	1
SmartChip."	1
such	1
a	1
steal.	1
We	1
were	1
upgrading	1
from	1
a	1
Motorola	1
V276,	1
which	1
sounded	1
WAYYY	1
better,	1
no	1
contest,	1
just	1
didn't	1
have	1
the	1
bells	1
and	1
whistles.	1
Great	1
Headset.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
the	1
camera	1
as	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
camera;	1
remember	1
that	1
the	1
camera	1
function	1
is	1
secondary	1
(1.3	1
mega	1
pixels	1
after	1
all).	1
This	1
is	1
no	1
problem	1
with	1
just	1
a	1
headset,	1
but	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
integrated	1
bluetooth	1
system	1
in	1
my	1
vehicle.	1
It	1
starts	1
out	1
with	1
a	1
weak	1
hold	1
and	1
gets	1
progressively	1
weaker.	1
Product	1
was	1
delivered	1
as	1
described	1
(new)	1
and	1
on	1
time	1
(actually,	1
ahead	1
of	1
schedule.)	1
Full	1
QWERTY	1
keypad	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
light	1
up	1
nor	1
does	1
it	1
even	1
glow	1
in	1
the	1
dark.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
cheap,	1
generic,	1
no	1
name	1
replacement	1
cordless	1
phone	1
battery	1
and	1
buyer	1
beware,	1
YOU	1
GET	1
WHAT	1
YOU	1
PAY	1
FOR!!	1
Rather	1
than	1
slipping	1
over	1
the	1
ear,	1
my	1
headset	1
was	1
open	1
at	1
one	1
end	1
so	1
it	1
didn't	1
grasp	1
the	1
ear	1
well.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
pleasantly	1
surprised	1
by	1
the	1
scala-500.The	1
first	1
positive	1
sign	1
was	1
the	1
ease	1
of	1
pairing	1
the	1
headset	1
to	1
the	1
Treo.	1
This	1
phone	1
works	1
best	1
when	1
plugged	1
into	1
an	1
AC	1
power	1
supply.	1
Now,	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
time	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
and	1
how	1
to	1
proceed.	1
On	1
my	1
end	1
it	1
sounded	1
static-y	1
at	1
the	1
higher	1
volumes.-	1
The	1
overall	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
very	1
tinny.	1
The	1
memory	1
card	1
holds	1
16	1
megs.	1
Most	1
people	1
seem	1
to	1
adapt	1
to	1
it.You	1
can	1
get	1
a	1
mini	1
sd	1
cheap	1
-	1
35	1
bucks	1
for	1
a	1
gig.	1
Gave	1
up	1
after	1
about	1
3	1
hours.	1
i've	1
had	1
these	1
for	1
a	1
year	1
and	1
love	1
them.	1
Item	1
is	1
going	1
back	1
for	1
refund.	1
Individuality	1
and	1
Personality.	1
This	1
case	1
fits	1
almost	1
perfectly!	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
phone	1
i	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Lame.As	1
a	1
sidenote,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
continually	1
switch	1
the	1
'default'	1
sound	1
device	1
when	1
using	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
my	1
laptop.	1
now	1
my	1
freinds	1
if	1
u	1
like	1
to	1
show	1
them	1
a	1
glimpse	1
of	1
the	1
future	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
it.	1
Bought	1
this	1
as	1
I	1
hoped	1
it	1
would	1
save	1
me	1
from	1
the	1
new	1
no-phone	1
while	1
driving	1
laws.	1
Until	1
then,	1
this	1
is	1
perfect	1
for	1
what	1
I	1
want.	1
But	1
I	1
couldn't	1
even	1
get	1
the	1
original	1
one	1
off!	1
The	1
most	1
annoying	1
part	1
about	1
this	1
is	1
putting	1
it	1
on	1
as	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
loop	1
it	1
around	1
your	1
ear	1
and	1
to	1
do	1
this,	1
you	1
need	1
both	1
hands.	1
The	1
product	1
operated	1
as	1
advertised	1
and	1
makes	1
a	1
great	1
addition	1
to	1
your	1
iPod	1
toolkit.	1
Cheep	1
battery	1
is	1
something	1
like	1
this.	1
Synching	1
could	1
not	1
be	1
any	1
easier.	1
Again,	1
cool	1
features	1
are	1
meaningless	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
then	1
purchased	1
a	1
second	1
one	1
and	1
inside	1
a	1
week	1
it	1
did	1
the	1
same	1
thing.	1
You	1
need	1
to	1
open	1
the	1
phone	1
first	1
and	1
after	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
the	1
headset.	1
Excellent	1
Quality	1
and	1
Price.	1
My	1
son	1
went	1
online	1
and	1
within	1
3	1
minutes	1
located	1
a	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
The	1
headset	1
is	1
not	1
fitting	1
in	1
the	1
phone.	1
This	1
one	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
hand	1
brings	1
comments	1
like	1
"	1
what	1
are	1
you	1
doing	1
while	1
talking	1
to	1
me?.."	1
For	1
a	1
wireless	1
earpiece	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
your	1
ear	1
quick	1
if	1
you	1
need	1
to,	1
and	1
these	1
prevent	1
you	1
from	1
doing	1
so.	1
Cingulars	1
GSM	1
has	1
improved	1
its	1
signal,	1
claritiy.	1
I	1
was	1
tired	1
to	1
deal	1
it	1
with	1
them.	1
After	1
purchasing	1
for	1
roughly	1
$10	1
and	1
paying	1
over	1
$5	1
to	1
ship,	1
I	1
now	1
have	1
a	1
$16	1
piece	1
of	1
something	1
I	1
cannot	1
use.	1
Shortly	1
after	1
buying	1
them,	1
it	1
stopped	1
working.	1
Does	1
anyone	1
have	1
any	1
idea	1
on	1
this	1
regard?	1
Too	1
bad	1
no	1
one	1
can	1
hear	1
you	1
when	1
you	1
attempt	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
wonderful	1
bluetooth.	1
The	1
second	1
never	1
worked	1
to	1
begin	1
with;	1
we	1
never	1
got	1
so	1
much	1
as	1
a	1
dial	1
tone.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
Product	1
was	1
received	1
in	1
new	1
condition	1
and	1
worked	1
as	1
excepted.	1
This	1
phone	1
actually	1
got	1
me	1
a	1
detention.	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
Saved	1
Me	1
From	1
Buying	1
a	1
New	1
Phone.	1
Would	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
Razr	1
V3m.	1
I	1
would	1
definately	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
item	1
to	1
anyone.	1
the	1
mini-USB	1
plug	1
used	1
by	1
most	1
devices),	1
the	1
charge	1
adaptor	1
actually	1
broke	1
the	1
housing	1
about	1
the	1
fourth	1
time	1
I	1
used	1
it.	1
I	1
will	1
probably	1
buy	1
another	1
one	1
as	1
a	1
back	1
up.	1
Motorola	1
HS820	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
-	1
Hematite	1
Gray.	1
Plus,	1
it	1
is	1
tiny,	1
fitting	1
into	1
my	1
hand,	1
so	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
storage	1
problem.	1
I	1
am	1
guessing	1
this	1
is	1
due	1
to	1
some	1
power-saving	1
sleep	1
function	1
these	1
headsets	1
go	1
into.	1
When	1
you	1
are	1
listening	1
to	1
MP3	1
or	1
radio	1
you	1
can	1
make	1
or	1
recieve	1
calls	1
without	1
any	1
hassle.	1
It	1
just	1
came	1
in	1
a	1
sealed	1
small	1
plastic	1
bag.	1
Its	1
infact	1
real	1
easy.	1
They	1
shipped	1
a	1
Nokia	1
charger	1
instead.	1
Good	1
but	1
can	1
be	1
better.	1
These	1
say	1
clearly	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
made	1
in	1
china.	1
Charger	1
is	1
as	1
descibed	1
and	1
keeps	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
charged	1
as	1
designed.	1
Review	1
of	1
the	1
palmOne	1
650	1
Treo.	1
The	1
signal	1
coverage	1
it	1
great.	1
Ordered	1
from	1
OEM	1
and	1
it	1
arrived	1
quickly,	1
within	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
Fit!.	1
Sensitive	1
But	1
Not	1
To	1
Bright.	1
Cingular	1
Wireless	1
is	1
okay	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
look	1
into	1
this	1
phone.	1
No	1
problems	1
installing	1
on	1
windows	1
XP.	1
Threw	1
this	1
one	1
away.	1
I	1
shopped	1
around	1
alot	1
before	1
choosing	1
this--my	1
first	1
samsung--after	1
many	1
different	1
Nokia	1
models.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
very	1
snug	1
in	1
the	1
case	1
no	1
shaking	1
or	1
rattling	1
around	1
,Great	1
Item	1
this	1
is	1
an	1
really	1
good	1
product.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
very	1
clear.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
I	1
dont	1
like	1
the	1
bright	1
blinking	1
blue	1
light	1
showing	1
its	1
on.	1
SAVE	1
YOUR	1
MONEY!Sigh...where	1
to	1
start.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
some	1
bad	1
experiences	1
with	1
blackberry	1
and	1
cell	1
phone	1
cases	1
in	1
the	1
past	1
but	1
would	1
use	1
and	1
can	1
recommend	1
this	1
system.	1
But,	1
there	1
are	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
issues	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
They	1
sent	1
an	1
older	1
model	1
headset	1
which	1
did	1
not	1
fit	1
the	1
charger,	1
and	1
a	1
used	1
non-bluetooth	1
adapter.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone	1
@	1
Thumbs	1
up!	1
Me,	1
I'm	1
buying	1
a	1
plastic	1
case	1
to	1
have	1
no	1
sliding	1
problems	1
again.	1
I	1
first	1
received	1
this	1
headset	1
when	1
I	1
purchased	1
my	1
LG	1
phone.	1
Plus,	1
if	1
you	1
go	1
into	1
Sprint,	1
Verizon,	1
or	1
Best	1
Buy	1
to	1
purchase	1
this,	1
it's	1
retailed	1
at	1
$31.99.	1
Its	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
However,	1
even	1
though	1
the	1
product	1
seems	1
new,	1
there	1
was	1
not	1
formal	1
packaging.	1
T-MOBILE	1
is	1
charging	1
me	1
$300	1
for	1
a	1
service	1
I	1
never	1
used	1
Just	1
needs	1
wind	1
reduction.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
so	1
far.	1
my	1
taxi	1
is	1
a	1
Chevrolet	1
Uplander	1
Minivan.	1
They	1
were	1
delivered	1
promptly.	1
I	1
can	1
go	1
to	1
the	1
mailbox	1
without	1
skipping	1
a	1
beat	1
with	1
this	1
set	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
all	1
over	1
the	1
house.	1
The	1
mute	1
button	1
works	1
great.	1
Since	1
I	1
just	1
received	1
this	1
and	1
discovered	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
wear	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
or	1
could	1
anyone	1
hear	1
me,	1
I	1
am	1
planning	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
Volume	1
buttons	1
could	1
be	1
larger	1
or	1
raised	1
more.	1
My	1
son	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
his	1
Verizon	1
account	1
and	1
was	1
unable	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
hooked	1
up.	1
I	1
return	1
it	1
for	1
credit.	1
Ok	1
fine.Apparently	1
the	1
R&D;	1
department	1
at	1
Motorola	1
has	1
used	1
their	1
profits	1
towards	1
other	1
things	1
than	1
improving	1
their	1
products.	1
It	1
may	1
not	1
be	1
the	1
smallest	1
phone,	1
but	1
who	1
said	1
the	1
smallest	1
is	1
the	1
best?	1
No	1
conversion	1
software	1
necessary,	1
no	1
fancy	1
computer	1
skills	1
needed.	1
wouldn't	1
buy	1
this	1
one	1
again.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
I'm	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
this	1
little	1
piece	1
of	1
equipment.	1
It	1
has	1
clear	1
quality	1
sound	1
and	1
is	1
so	1
easy	1
to	1
wear.	1
cell	1
phone	1
home	1
charger.	1
Worked	1
initially	1
however	1
I	1
cracked	1
the	1
lcd	1
screen	1
taking	1
the	1
ipod	1
apart.	1
Terrible	1
with	1
Razr	1
V3c.	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
havent	1
from	1
the	1
beginning.	1
When	1
it's	1
in	1
my	1
ear,	1
I	1
can	1
jump	1
up	1
and	1
down	1
(not	1
that	1
there's	1
a	1
usual	1
reason	1
to)	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
come	1
off.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
add	1
too	1
much	1
bulk	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
protects	1
it	1
well.The	1
belt	1
clip	1
works	1
fine	1
also.	1
Unfortunately	1
it	1
also	1
looks	1
cheap	1
and	1
feels	1
cheap.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
about	1
3	1
ft.	1
But	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
get	1
going.	1
Costumer	1
service	1
told	1
me	1
I	1
need	1
a	1
software	1
abdate,	1
but	1
can	1
not	1
use	1
any	1
Mac	1
Computer.	1
It's	1
pretty	1
but	1
cheap	1
looking..	1
After	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
it	1
also	1
broke	1
off	1
my	1
phone.	1
The	1
Sport	1
Mate	1
phone	1
holder	1
is	1
very	1
helpful.	1
He	1
GAVE	1
me	1
a	1
free	1
new	1
battery	1
and	1
asked	1
me	1
NOT	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
car	1
charger.The	1
mini	1
USB	1
was	1
fine.	1
But	1
there	1
was	1
a	1
catch.	1
i	1
accept	1
im	1
a	1
bit	1
dramatic	1
but	1
thats	1
is	1
another	1
thing.	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
only	1
thing	1
cingular	1
was	1
thinking	1
of	1
when	1
the	1
made	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
the	1
size.	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
one	1
for	1
both	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
I.	1
We	1
used	1
these	1
without	1
issues	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year	1
now.	1
Terrible	1
design	1
around	1
volume	1
buttons.	1
The	1
headset	1
is	1
comfortable	1
for	1
me	1
once	1
adjusted	1
and	1
lightweight	1
in	1
comparison	1
to	1
other	1
devices	1
tried.	1
With	1
this	1
you	1
will	1
make	1
crystal	1
clear	1
pcm	1
clips	1
of	1
any	1
parts	1
of	1
songs	1
and	1
edit	1
them...fade	1
them	1
in	1
and	1
out..etc	1
for	1
ringtone	1
use.	1
For	1
example,	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
get	1
at	1
least	1
3	1
bars	1
at	1
home	1
by	1
using	1
Nokia	1
6210;	1
nevertheless,	1
my	1
NEW	1
L7	1
gives	1
me	1
zero	1
bar	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
itme.	1
The	1
side	1
clips	1
and	1
the	1
rings	1
that	1
they	1
clip	1
to	1
are	1
made	1
of	1
plastic,	1
and	1
the	1
metallic	1
coating	1
on	1
the	1
clips	1
wears	1
off.	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
not	1
good.Let	1
me	1
get	1
one	1
thing	1
straight	1
to	1
motorola	1
or	1
who	1
ever	1
the	1
engineers	1
building	1
cellphones	1
!	1
Motorola	1
HS850	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
More	1
Info	1
Needed.	1
Hi-tech,	1
stylish	1
and	1
absolutely	1
necessary	1
in	1
today's	1
bluetooth	1
audio	1
world.	1
The	1
stealth	1
phone	1
to	1
have.Caveat	1
ATT	1
is	1
really	1
bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	1
Type	1
in	1
friend's	1
name.5.	1
Finally	1
with	1
hard	1
resets,	1
got	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
load	1
my	1
data.	1
The	1
glove	1
itself	1
is	1
looks	1
great,	1
is	1
durable	1
and	1
fits	1
perfect.	1
My	1
experience	1
with	1
nextel	1
has	1
been	1
nothing	1
short	1
of	1
a	1
disaster	1
and	1
I	1
write	1
this	1
trying	1
to	1
warn	1
anyone	1
considering	1
nextel.	1
Compact	1
and	1
good	1
battery	1
life.	1
This	1
becomes	1
a	1
problem	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
gives	1
a	1
double	1
beep	1
that	1
interrupts	1
the	1
conversation	1
and	1
blocks	1
out	1
incoming	1
and	1
outgoing	1
audio.	1
Exactly	1
as	1
described,	1
a	1
low	1
price,	1
and	1
a	1
quality	1
product.	1
Works	1
Great.	1
Battery	1
really	1
dies	1
quickly	1
even	1
though	1
there	1
aren't	1
many	1
features	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
That	1
outcome	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
a	1
raging	1
success	1
compared	1
to	1
my	1
outcome.	1
My	1
suggestions	1
in	1
rough	1
order	1
of	1
priority:1)	1
Blue	1
tooth	1
headsets.	1
The	1
radio	1
dial	1
has	1
a	1
few	1
stations	1
that	1
are	1
listenable,	1
but	1
also	1
has	1
many	1
stations	1
which	1
have	1
static	1
in	1
the	1
background	1
of	1
the	1
programming.	1
I	1
have	1
switched	1
from	1
T-Mobile	1
to	1
Verizon	1
and	1
they	1
have	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
worst	1
customer	1
service	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
experienced.	1
Do	1
your	1
research	1
before	1
you	1
purchase.	1
Since	1
someone	1
dialed	1
my	1
number,	1
was	1
connected	1
to	1
my	1
phone,	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
charged,	1
I	1
figured	1
it	1
was	1
use.	1
I	1
have	1
dropped	1
this	1
phone	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
pocket	1
20	1
feet	1
onto	1
a	1
wood	1
deck.	1
This	1
purchase	1
was	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
The	1
Palm	1
simply	1
refused	1
to	1
recognize	1
its	1
existence.	1
The	1
300	1
cradle	1
doesn't	1
even	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
600	1
(	1
well	1
one	1
of	1
mine	1
does	1
to	1
a	1
degree	1
but	1
used	1
too	1
much	1
force	1
with	1
the	1
pliars	1
on	1
#2	1
-	1
it	1
broke).	1
There	1
are	1
really	1
only	1
two	1
things	1
to	1
do:1)	1
Locate	1
the	1
antenna	1
where	1
you	1
get	1
the	1
best	1
possible	1
signal.	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
good,	1
at	1
around	1
4+	1
hours	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
But	1
other	1
than	1
that,	1
it	1
does	1
what	1
it's	1
supposed	1
to	1
do.	1
I	1
have	1
this	1
phone	1
a	1
little	1
over	1
a	1
year.	1
horrible	1
quality.product	1
mis-shapen	1
damaged.	1
In	1
part,	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
also	1
sprint.	1
OMFG...Thanks	1
Sony	1
for	1
getting	1
this	1
one	1
right,	1
and	1
thanks,	1
Amazon,	1
for	1
making	1
them	1
available!	1
Sync'd	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Mac,	1
everything	1
great	1
except	1
I	1
couldn't	1
get	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
to	1
connect	1
to	1
my	1
car	1
(Upgraded	1
from	1
a	1
650,	1
bluetooth	1
worked	1
great).	1
It	1
never	1
worked.	1
Works	1
Well.	1
I	1
was	1
upgrading	1
from	1
the	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Z525a.	1
Well	1
the	1
leather	1
case	1
ordered	1
here	1
really	1
works	1
great	1
and	1
is	1
identical	1
to	1
the	1
one	1
sold	1
on	1
the	1
Samsung	1
website.	1
See	1
my	1
other	1
reviews	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
comparison	1
of	1
other	1
brands.	1
Almost	1
perfect.	1
worked	1
like	1
a	1
charm	1
for	1
2	1
months..	1
then	1
for	1
no	1
reason	1
stopped	1
working	1
and	1
would	1
not	1
power	1
up..	1
no	1
reason,	1
no	1
trauma	1
to	1
product..	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
Maybe	1
I	1
just	1
had	1
bad	1
luck	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
but	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
buy	1
it	1
again.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
excellent,	1
callers	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
just	1
fine.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
this	1
note	1
(didn't	1
find	1
it)	1
to	1
see	1
what	1
refinements	1
he'd	1
made.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
daughter	1
as	1
a	1
stocking	1
stuffer.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
new	1
battery	1
from	1
verizon	1
and	1
it	1
actually	1
worked.	1
There	1
isn't	1
a	1
setting	1
for	1
birthdays	1
anywhere,	1
even	1
on	1
the	1
contact	1
user	1
information.	1
MAIN	1
FEATURES	1
DISABLED!!.	1
Battery	1
for	1
Motorola	1
V330.	1
I	1
just	1
wish	1
more	1
devices	1
use	1
USB	1
standards.	1
Easy	1
to	1
attach	1
the	1
iPad	1
to	1
the	1
decal.	1
Best	1
Entry	1
Wireless	1
Headphones!!!.	1
Highly	1
recommended.	1
Heard	1
great	1
things	1
about	1
battery	1
life,	1
but	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
two	1
hours	1
so	1
far!	1
The	1
charger	1
was	1
not	1
fit	1
for	1
our	1
Katana	1
2,	1
6650	1
model.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
S9	1
HD	1
is	1
nowhere	1
near	1
as	1
dependable.The	1
audio	1
quality	1
is	1
good,	1
not	1
great.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
colors	1
together	1
but	1
when	1
I	1
attached	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
it	1
was	1
very	1
cheapa	1
simple	1
fall	1
and	1
it	1
could	1
still	1
damage	1
my	1
device.	1
This	1
item	1
performs	1
as	1
advertised.	1
Also	1
the	1
people	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
say	1
that	1
they	1
hear	1
me	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
H500.	1
cheap	1
clip.	1
I	1
called	1
Motorola	1
and	1
they	1
said	1
it	1
was	1
defective.	1
It's	1
ill	1
fitting	1
to	1
begin	1
with,	1
but	1
the	1
adhesive	1
isn't	1
strong	1
enough	1
to	1
hold	1
it	1
in	1
place.	1
I	1
use	1
mine	1
a	1
lot	1
and	1
my	1
wife	1
uses	1
hers	1
just	1
when	1
she's	1
driving.	1
it	1
was	1
misleading.	1
The	1
cut-out	1
for	1
the	1
screen	1
and	1
the	1
one	1
for	1
the	1
speaker	1
in	1
the	1
back	1
match	1
up	1
perfectly.	1
Motorola	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
--	1
Research	1
First!!.	1
Now	1
the	1
new	1
one	1
too	1
is	1
defective.	1
Not	1
to	1
mention	1
the	1
glares	1
you	1
get	1
from	1
the	1
people	1
in	1
line	1
behind	1
you.	1
T-Mobile	1
refused	1
to	1
exchange	1
the	1
phone	1
because	1
they	1
said	1
the	1
warranty	1
has	1
expired.	1
I	1
am	1
changing	1
/upgrading	1
today.	1
BUT	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
one	1
key	1
reason	1
They	1
are	1
replacing	1
the	1
earpiece	1
for	1
$65	1
which	1
includes	1
a	1
new	1
battery.	1
It's	1
not	1
just	1
the	1
hard,	1
cheap	1
and	1
thin	1
type	1
of	1
holder.	1
Slowest	1
charger	1
ever.	1
The	1
scroll	1
device	1
could	1
also	1
be	1
so	1
sensitive	1
that	1
I	1
would	1
end	1
up	1
in	1
functions	1
I	1
didn't	1
want.	1
after	1
i	1
read	1
through	1
the	1
manual	1
connecting	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
ps3,	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
my	1
dads	1
5	1
year	1
old	1
razor,	1
was	1
EXTREMELY	1
easy.	1
Fits	1
like	1
a	1
glove!.	1
It's	1
non-standard,	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
even	1
fit	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
that	1
well.	1
I've	1
written	1
energizer	1
about	1
it.	1
Dropped	1
my	1
phone	1
once	1
and	1
it	1
gave	1
cushion	1
to	1
the	1
fall.	1
Jabra	1
a125s	1
functions	1
well.	1
Piece	1
of	1
Junk!.	1
There	1
is	1
one	1
easily	1
fixable	1
flaw	1
though.	1
I	1
will	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
service.	1
Can't	1
go	1
wrong..	1
This	1
has	1
turned	1
in	1
to	1
my	1
go-to	1
case.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product	1
I	1
actually	1
have	1
the	1
pink	1
one	1
and	1
wanted	1
something	1
different	1
a	1
different	1
color	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
definitely	1
it.	1
I	1
am	1
familiar	1
with	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
product	1
line	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
been	1
very	1
pleased.	1
It	1
always	1
asks	1
(PUSH	1
TO	1
TALK	1
CHARGES	1
WILL	1
APPLY)when	1
I	1
accidentally	1
press	1
it	1
this	1
is	1
very	1
very	1
annoying.	1
We	1
got	1
them	1
when	1
we	1
change	1
our	1
phone	1
service	1
to	1
Cingular.	1
It	1
becomes	1
very	1
staticy	1
and	1
just	1
doesn't	1
stay	1
well	1
in	1
your	1
ear.	1
Some	1
of	1
the	1
flip	1
models	1
are	1
better	1
for	1
those	1
who	1
want	1
a	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
camera.	1
Its	1
sturdy,	1
fashionable,	1
and	1
unlike	1
most	1
magnetic	1
clip	1
cases,	1
it	1
holds	1
up	1
well.	1
No	1
phone	1
jack	1
hole?	1
Frequently	1
comes	1
back	1
with	1
'error	1
reading	1
smart	1
chip'.	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
big!	1
The	1
30-foot	1
range	1
is,	1
well,	1
it	1
AIN'T!I	1
won't	1
buy	1
anything	1
like	1
this	1
via	1
mail	1
order	1
again.	1
Strong	1
signal	1
BUT	1
cuts	1
off	1
High	1
Freqs	1
!	1
Unit	1
is	1
supplied	1
with	1
2.5mm	1
plug	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
find	1
adapter	1
for	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Curve.	1
The	1
camera	1
resolution	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
the	1
speaker	1
vol.	1
After	1
about	1
half	1
hour	1
(I	1
can't	1
take	1
it	1
longer),	1
my	1
ears	1
hurt	1
so	1
much	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
never	1
bought	1
this	1
thing.	1
Only	1
a	1
little	1
short	1
battery	1
life,	1
i	1
need	1
to	1
recharge	1
at	1
noon	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
working	1
until	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
day.	1
You	1
can	1
answer	1
the	1
phone	1
using	1
a	1
switch	1
on	1
the	1
cable	1
but	1
to	1
retune	1
or	1
turn	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
unit.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
just	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
when	1
it	1
came	1
from	1
the	1
computer.	1
Did	1
not	1
cost	1
much	1
but	1
shipping	1
did!!!!	1
It	1
matches	1
perfectly	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
The	1
buttons	1
are	1
also	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
pairing	1
is	1
simple.	1
Works	1
Well.	1
This	1
becomes	1
a	1
little	1
inconvenient	1
for	1
travel.	1
The	1
main	1
reason	1
we	1
purchased	1
this	1
tool	1
was	1
so	1
we	1
could	1
get	1
the	1
pictures	1
off	1
of	1
our	1
old	1
phone.	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
still	1
like	1
about	1
it	1
is	1
it's	1
blue.	1
I	1
constantly	1
got	1
dropped	1
calls	1
not	1
to	1
mention	1
network	1
busy	1
error	1
msg.	1
And	1
mine	1
broke	1
after	1
about	1
6	1
weeks	1
of	1
fairly	1
lightweght	1
use;	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
button	1
detached	1
itself	1
from	1
the	1
case.	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
well	1
constructed,	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
and	1
extremly	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
I	1
originally	1
got	1
this	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
listen	1
to	1
my	1
music	1
and	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
listen	1
for	1
phone	1
calls	1
on	1
my	1
pc's	1
using	1
IP	1
Communicator.	1
Nothing	1
happened.	1
The	1
most	1
common	1
problem,	1
the	1
earpiece	1
unit	1
comes	1
apart	1
quite	1
easily.	1
Apart	1
from	1
these	1
minor	1
details,	1
so	1
far	1
the	1
phone	1
seems	1
great.	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
an	1
obsession	1
with	1
Motorolas,	1
go	1
for	1
the	1
Samsung	1
t609,	1
which	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
TMo	1
has	1
on	1
the	1
line	1
write	1
now.	1
First	1
the	1
pluses.	1
Very	1
Good	1
Headset.	1
I	1
give	1
it	1
4	1
stars	1
just	1
for	1
capabilities	1
and	1
simplicity.	1
Stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
company.	1
Could	1
be	1
the	1
best	1
three	1
bucks	1
I	1
ever	1
spent!.	1
when	1
not	1
in	1
my	1
ears,	1
i	1
wear	1
them	1
around	1
my	1
neck	1
and	1
they	1
are	1
comfortable	1
and	1
forget	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
there.	1
Which	1
means	1
1	1
bag	1
and	1
1	1
personal	1
item	1
(e.g.,	1
laptop	1
case).	1
This	1
drives	1
me	1
nuts.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
returning	1
this	1
product	1
as	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
very	1
poor.	1
I	1
am	1
surprised	1
Nokia	1
put	1
out	1
such	1
a	1
poor	1
performance	1
item.	1
Plantronics	1
must	1
be	1
well	1
aware	1
of	1
the	1
problem	1
because	1
they	1
went	1
straight	1
to	1
processing	1
a	1
return.	1
Doesn't	1
fit.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had.	1
Always	1
has	1
been	1
with	1
headsets,	1
so	1
maybe	1
next	1
model.	1
My	1
original	1
battery	1
would	1
no	1
longer	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
even	1
one	1
day,	1
but	1
I	1
didn't	1
want	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
Great	1
for	1
all	1
those	1
gadget	1
buffs!	1
The	1
battery	1
loses	1
its	1
charge	1
within	1
a	1
day.3.	1
The	1
best	1
part	1
of	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
the	1
on/off	1
with	1
the	1
flip	1
of	1
the	1
boom	1
mic.	1
Awaiting	1
a	1
refund	1
now.	1
Never	1
arrived.	1
battery	1
is	1
useless	1
to	1
me.	1
Excellent	1
Overall	1
Belt	1
Holster	1
Case.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
case	1
I	1
have	1
actually	1
bought	1
for	1
my	1
new	1
Ipod	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
am	1
impressed.	1
And	1
the	1
3	1
different	1
ear	1
hooks	1
to	1
choose	1
from	1
is	1
such	1
a	1
nice	1
additional	1
feature.	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
Treo	1
650,	1
which	1
is	1
on	1
the	1
compatible	1
phone	1
list.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
HS830	1
Motorcycle	1
Helmet	1
Bluetooth.	1
I	1
bought	1
one	1
and	1
received	1
another	1
as	1
a	1
gift.	1
Nice	1
Case	1
but	1
major	1
flaw	1
with	1
the	1
leather	1
covered	1
belt	1
clip..	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
leather	1
case	1
but	1
find	1
one	1
major	1
flaw	1
with	1
design.	1
Awesome	1
Phone-	1
Attractive.	1
I	1
mean	1
it	1
didn't	1
really	1
fall	1
off	1
or	1
anything	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
walking	1
around	1
the	1
mall.	1
The	1
Wave	1
Messaging	1
feature	1
is	1
tons	1
of	1
fun!	1
4	1
1/2	1
stars	1
would	1
be	1
perfect....	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
amazing,	1
that	1
said,	1
there	1
are	1
1	1
or	1
2	1
small	1
issues	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
live	1
with.	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
place	1
the	1
antenna	1
in	1
my	1
attic	1
and	1
the	1
transmitter	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
the	1
house	1
and	1
get	1
great	1
reception	1
everywhere.	1
I	1
think	1
I'm	1
on	1
my	1
3rd,	1
as	1
the	1
tabs	1
that	1
hold	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
really	1
flimsy,	1
shear	1
off	1
after	1
a	1
small	1
amount	1
of	1
use.	1
Like	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
reviewers	1
mentioned,	1
it	1
fits	1
snuggly	1
but	1
yet	1
does	1
not	1
block	1
any	1
of	1
the	1
phone's	1
functions.	1
Small	1
keypad.4.	1
Very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
I'd	1
highly	1
recommend	1
it.	1
The	1
blutooth	1
that	1
I	1
purchased	1
has	1
a	1
few	1
problems.1st.	1
Repulsive	1
smell.	1
Swiveling	1
Belt	1
Holster.	1
Well	1
it	1
didn't	1
and	1
when	1
i	1
contacted	1
the	1
seller	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
theres	1
don't	1
have	1
that	1
security	1
strap.	1
JABRA	1
WIRELESS	1
HEADSET.	1
They	1
wouldn't	1
turn	1
on	1
at	1
first	1
but	1
if	1
they	1
stayed	1
plugged	1
into	1
the	1
wall,	1
then	1
they'd	1
work.	1
Everything	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
scratched	1
so	1
easily	1
it	1
was	1
irritating.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
the	1
battery	1
worked	1
because	1
it	1
didn't	1
fit	1
in	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
through	1
amazon	1
for	1
free.	1
Unusable	1
and	1
unfixable.This	1
is	1
a	1
terrible	1
product	1
that	1
should	1
be	1
avoided.	1
Most	1
people	1
hate	1
the	1
phone	1
--	1
and	1
I	1
think	1
thats	1
because	1
they	1
can't	1
get	1
use	1
to	1
the	1
nav-pad,	1
which	1
is	1
nothing	1
like	1
the	1
Apple	1
iPod.	1
What	1
makes	1
matters	1
worse	1
is	1
that	1
each	1
ear	1
bud	1
has	1
a	1
rigid	1
teardrop	1
of	1
about	1
an	1
inch	1
and	1
half	1
that	1
connects	1
to	1
the	1
cord.	1
Put	1
the	1
battery	1
in	1
and	1
tried	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
phone.	1
Quality	1
product.Highly	1
recommended.Very	1
functional	1
Multidapt.	1
Essential	1
Accessory	1
for	1
Sony	1
Ericcson.	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
FOR	1
LG	1
UX5000.	1
*	1
Not	1
too	1
small,	1
not	1
too	1
heavy.	1
The	1
price	1
is	1
great,	1
but	1
in	1
this	1
case	1
it's	1
worth	1
it	1
to	1
spend	1
the	1
extra	1
money.	1
Then	1
last	1
night,	1
the	1
screen	1
just	1
turned	1
blank.	1
Worse	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
was	1
replacing.Very	1
disappointed!	1
The	1
only	1
thing	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
think	1
that	1
is	1
a	1
negative	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
doesn't	1
last	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
I	1
expected.	1
It's	1
as	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
a	1
phone,	1
but	1
think	1
that	1
you	1
do.	1
Don't	1
stress	1
yourself	1
out	1
with	1
this	1
purchase.	1
The	1
phone	1
works	1
fine,	1
but	1
has	1
some	1
quirks.	1
!I	1
love	1
the	1
size	1
-	1
I'm	1
of	1
a	1
firm	1
belief	1
that	1
you	1
should	1
not	1
mistake	1
your	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
chiclet.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
have	1
another	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
units.Motorola	1
H500	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
(Nickel)	1
Stay	1
away..	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
high	1
expectations.	1
Great	1
for	1
my	1
teenager-not	1
for	1
an	1
adult	1
who	1
uses	1
serv.	1
So,	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
5	1
numbers	1
for	1
George	1
Bush,	1
then	1
you	1
will	1
have	1
5	1
entries	1
for	1
George	1
Bush.	1
Perfect	1
Assessory	1
for	1
the	1
Blackberry.	1
When	1
you	1
scroll	1
down	1
the	1
phone	1
book,	1
the	1
scroll	1
is	1
slow.	1
A	1
great	1
phone	1
for	1
travelers.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
charger	1
for	1
use	1
with	1
my	1
wife's	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
V3	1
phone.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
12	1
months	1
and	1
it	1
hasn't	1
been	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
I	1
initially	1
thought.	1
You	1
could	1
also	1
call	1
that	1
a	1
design	1
flaw	1
in	1
the	1
headset,	1
but	1
either	1
way	1
you	1
should	1
get	1
the	1
combination	1
of	1
this	1
case	1
with	1
that	1
headset!	1
I've	1
just	1
ordered	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6600	1
and	1
am	1
hoping	1
it	1
will	1
be	1
better.	1
The	1
&quot;drop	1
in&quot;	1
slot	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
more	1
like	1
&quot;pin	1
the	1
tail	1
on	1
the	1
donkey&quot;,	1
though,	1
same	1
as	1
with	1
my	1
Nextel	1
phone.	1
This	1
device	1
works	1
very	1
well.	1
The	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
hang	1
up	1
and	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
depress	1
the	1
off	1
button	1
for	1
3-5	1
minutes	1
before	1
shutting	1
down.3.	1
Purchased	1
for	1
my	1
Canon	1
digital	1
camera,	1
works	1
very	1
well,	1
great	1
for	1
trips	1
like	1
Disney	1
World,	1
lets	1
you	1
be	1
hands	1
free.	1
I	1
had	1
seen	1
some	1
with	1
LCD	1
display	1
that	1
looked	1
interesting.	1
I	1
took	1
one	1
star	1
away	1
because	1
the	1
MP3	1
player	1
seems	1
too	1
simplistic.	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these,	1
thinking	1
that	1
the	1
first	1
was	1
defective.	1
i	1
still	1
don't	1
believe	1
i	1
got	1
a	1
head	1
set	1
of	1
this	1
quality	1
for	1
what	1
i	1
paid.	1
In	1
all,	1
a	1
real	1
quality	1
piece	1
for	1
anyone	1
wanting	1
only	1
the	1
basics	1
in	1
an	1
elegant	1
upscale	1
package.	1
A	1
good	1
choice	1
and	1
very	1
affordable.	1
Jornada	1
720	1
Cradle.	1
All	1
phones	1
should	1
meet	1
this	1
mil-spec.	1
So	1
unless	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
spend	1
the	1
time	1
cleaning	1
it	1
off	1
and	1
risk	1
getting	1
the	1
liquid	1
on	1
your	1
phone,	1
don't	1
buy	1
it.	1
It	1
was	1
nice	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
put	1
it	1
on,	1
but	1
24	1
hours	1
later	1
it	1
was	1
covered	1
in	1
dust	1
and	1
oil	1
and	1
I	1
felt	1
the	1
need	1
to	1
wash	1
my	1
hands	1
after	1
each	1
call.	1
And	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
superb!	1
the	1
color	1
screen	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
welcome	1
change.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
nearly	1
a	1
year	1
now.	1
After	1
months	1
of	1
research	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
that	1
the	1
8700g	1
is	1
probably	1
the	1
best	1
smartphone	1
available	1
for	1
T-Mobile.	1
The	1
front	1
bezel	1
protected	1
the	1
window	1
beautifully...it's	1
still	1
readable.	1
2	1
bad	1
ones	1
in	1
13	1
months.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
perfect	1
fit	1
and	1
worked	1
great	1
for	1
about	1
4	1
months	1
then	1
the	1
connector	1
at	1
the	1
phone	1
end	1
fell	1
apart.	1
in	1
my	1
house	1
i	1
could	1
count	1
on	1
zero	1
to	1
1	1
bar	1
of	1
service.	1
Late	1
and	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
used.	1
It	1
does	1
what	1
it's	1
suppose	1
to	1
do	1
!	1
cracked	1
hinges	1
on	1
2	1
phones.	1
(That	1
happened	1
to	1
me	1
once	1
when	1
I	1
sat	1
down	1
in	1
a	1
car's	1
seat.)	1
Love	1
this	1
Jabra	1
for	1
home	1
use.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
alot	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
jawbone.	1
My	1
friends	1
say	1
Samsung	1
clam	1
shell	1
model	1
phones	1
are	1
best	1
avoided,	1
in	1
general,	1
i.e.	1
The	1
quality	1
is	1
good.	1
As	1
someone	1
who	1
talks	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
/	1
net	1
a	1
lot,	1
I	1
reccomend	1
this	1
product.I	1
am	1
a	1
fan	1
of	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
510.	1
Outstanding	1
deal!	1
The	1
ear	1
hook	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
adjust	1
to	1
change	1
from	1
right	1
ear	1
to	1
left	1
ear.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
good	1
battery	1
you	1
might	1
want	1
to	1
by	1
a	1
couple	1
for	1
long	1
trips	1
without	1
recharging.	1
You	1
cannot	1
directly	1
download	1
MPG	1
files	1
without	1
purchasing	1
a	1
USB	1
interface	1
and	1
a	1
memory	1
card.	1
This	1
one	1
has	1
a	1
smooth	1
surface--no	1
lint,	1
and	1
slips	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
of	1
his	1
pocket	1
easily.	1
I'm	1
now	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
different	1
one!	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
so	1
low	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
eas	1
stolen.	1
Yes	1
I	1
have	1
dropped	1
the	1
phone	1
-	1
which	1
is	1
why	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
proctective	1
cover	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place.	1
You'll	1
be	1
sorry....	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
phone	1
we've	1
ever	1
owned.	1
After	1
trying	1
a	1
multitude	1
of	1
cases	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
Treo	1
600	1
and	1
now	1
my	1
Treo	1
650	1
safe,	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
well	1
above	1
the	1
other	1
options.	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
I	1
knew	1
she	1
loved	1
monkey's,	1
so	1
I	1
got	1
her	1
this	1
animal	1
monkey	1
charm.	1
I've	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
sync	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Curve,	1
as	1
well	1
as,	1
my	1
Sony	1
PlayStation	1
3,	1
and	1
switch	1
between	1
the	1
two	1
without	1
any	1
issues.	1
The	1
zBoost	1
is	1
an	1
OK	1
product	1
for	1
someone	1
who	1
lives	1
where	1
there	1
is	1
good	1
cellular	1
coverage	1
outdoors	1
(3	1
bars	1
or	1
more).	1
Wish	1
I	1
could	1
change	1
it,	1
but	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
I	1
can't	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
so	1
old	1
that	1
it	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
changed,	1
but	1
I	1
can't	1
afford	1
it.	1
To	1
make	1
matters	1
worse,	1
once	1
you	1
find	1
a	1
comfortable	1
place	1
to	1
hang	1
the	1
clip,	1
the	1
leg	1
is	1
to	1
short	1
and	1
slips	1
off.	1
battery	1
did	1
not	1
seem	1
to	1
be	1
in	1
new	1
condition.	1
Matches	1
with	1
my	1
MP3	1
player's	1
need.	1
However,	1
the	1
interface	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
complicated.	1
Not	1
being	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
2-3	1
days.	1
The	1
form	1
factor	1
is	1
not	1
to	1
be	1
outdone.	1
Good	1
overall.	1
Luckily	1
I	1
picked	1
up	1
quickly	1
so	1
my	1
phone	1
wouldn't	1
get	1
damaged,	1
but	1
for	1
those	1
of	1
you	1
looking	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
clip-	1
DON'T!	1
The	1
plastic	1
case	1
makes	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
very	1
bulky.	1
It	1
seemed	1
to	1
require	1
a	1
very	1
hard,	1
concentrated	1
and	1
lengthy	1
press	1
on	1
the	1
power	1
button	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
turn	1
off	1
or	1
on.	1
The	1
camcorder,	1
however,	1
is	1
not	1
in	1
this	1
menu.	1
Go	1
with	1
something	1
else..	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
poorly	1
made	1
junk.	1
When	1
we	1
got	1
to	1
our	1
destination,	1
it	1
would	1
not	1
work.	1
Holy	1
Headset.	1
This	1
over-the-ear	1
bluetooth	1
did	1
not	1
fit	1
my	1
small	1
ear.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
headphone	1
for	1
a	1
while	1
now	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
Logitech	1
headphones	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
design	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
case,	1
it	1
has	1
kept	1
my	1
phone	1
really	1
well	1
protected.	1
the	1
charger	1
spot,	1
speaker,	1
and	1
the	1
sd	1
slot)	1
were	1
all	1
easily	1
accessible.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
hard	1
to	1
use,	1
not	1
user	1
friendly.	1
The	1
Verizon	1
customer	1
service	1
is	1
horrendous!	1
Eyeballing	1
them,	1
they	1
look	1
just	1
like	1
each	1
other.	1
The	1
battery	1
was	1
delivered	1
promptly	1
and	1
is	1
a	1
Nokia	1
branded	1
battery.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
and	1
feel	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
and	1
worth	1
recommending.Hint	1
The	1
conversations	1
are	1
crisp	1
and	1
not	1
muffled	1
like	1
a	1
Motorola	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
own.	1
OMG,	1
This	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
best	1
product	1
ever.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
it	1
for	1
people	1
with	1
sensitive	1
outer	1
ears.	1
Great	1
Service.	1
I	1
think	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
metal	1
roof	1
it	1
sheilded	1
me	1
from	1
the	1
cell	1
site(	1
0	1
bars	1
inside).	1
Andy's	1
view	1
for	1
review	1
of	1
sony	1
headset.	1
(But	1
I	1
definitely	1
haven't	1
had	1
the	1
problems	1
with	1
feedback	1
from	1
the	1
headset	1
mentioned	1
by	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
reviewers.	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
own	1
headset.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
love	1
it,	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
I	1
hardly	1
even	1
know	1
I'm	1
wearing	1
it.	1
The	1
big	1
picture	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
small	1
and	1
light,	1
stays	1
in	1
my	1
ear,	1
and	1
has	1
satisfactory	1
sound	1
quality.	1
That	1
didn't	1
work.	1
If	1
I	1
didn't	1
have	1
a	1
real	1
need	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
at	1
this	1
time,	1
I	1
would	1
return	1
it...	1
But	1
for	1
the	1
most	1
part	1
it	1
does	1
work	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
side	1
the	1
Phone	1
unit	1
is.	1
It	1
is	1
small	1
and	1
thin,	1
and	1
the	1
way	1
the	1
prongs	1
are,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
take	1
up	1
more	1
than	1
one	1
plug,	1
like	1
all	1
the	1
other	1
chargers	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
They	1
will	1
also	1
hear	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
background	1
noise.	1
Inexpensive,	1
great	1
quality,	1
your	1
personal	1
style	1
to	1
dress	1
up	1
your	1
Sidekick	1
II	1
and	1
finally	1
something	1
that	1
gives	1
you	1
privacy.	1
and	1
then....maybe	1
it	1
will	1
work.Was	1
disappointed	1
in	1
the	1
fine	1
print	1
for	1
this	1
one......ooops	1
When	1
walking	1
across	1
the	1
parking	1
lot	1
to	1
my	1
office,	1
which	1
is	1
very	1
open,	1
wind	1
noise	1
could	1
be	1
overwhelming.	1
I	1
only	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
4	1
days!	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
size,	1
can	1
slip	1
it	1
into	1
a	1
pocket.	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
service!	1
Doom	1
doesn't	1
play	1
on	1
the	1
Ngage....that	1
majorly	1
SUCKS.	1
Great	1
phone	1
but	1
big	1
$$	1
catch	1
with	1
Cingular	1
service.	1
Pick	1
up	1
by	1
the	1
mic	1
was	1
not	1
like	1
others	1
stated.	1
I	1
find	1
I	1
only	1
hot	1
synch	1
once	1
or	1
twice	1
a	1
week	1
anyway.	1
This	1
product	1
works	1
exactly	1
like	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
give	1
it	1
only	1
4	1
stars	1
for	1
the	1
minor	1
annoyances,	1
but	1
they	1
are	1
just	1
minor	1
complaints	1
and	1
shouldn't	1
prevent	1
anyone	1
from	1
buying	1
this	1
product.	1
I	1
really	1
love	1
the	1
phone	1
specially	1
for	1
kids.	1
(One	1
of	1
them	1
rattled;	1
something	1
loose	1
inside.)	1
),	1
but	1
they	1
also	1
hear	1
everything	1
going	1
on	1
around	1
me	1
too.	1
The	1
car	1
charger	1
looks	1
a	1
bit	1
cheap,	1
but	1
what	1
can	1
you	1
expect	1
for	1
the	1
price?	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
poor	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
user	1
friendly	1
at	1
all.	1
After	1
almost	1
2	1
years,	1
I	1
lost	1
it.	1
I	1
didn't	1
ask	1
the	1
seller's	1
help,	1
neither	1
anybody's.	1
I'd	1
give	1
Verizon	1
4	1
starts	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
costs	1
(they	1
get	1
you	1
with	1
the	1
fees)	1
and	1
poor	1
selection	1
of	1
cool	1
phones.	1
I	1
have	1
bought	1
and	1
sent	1
back	1
every	1
headset	1
Sprint	1
offers.	1
Battery	1
power	1
(length	1
of	1
charge)	1
is	1
awesome.	1
The	1
thing	1
that	1
I	1
noticed	1
immediately	1
when	1
testing	1
early	1
on	1
was	1
the	1
volume	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
experience	1
with	1
this	1
one.	1
I	1
heard	1
bad	1
rumors	1
about	1
the	1
battery	1
life.	1
Shimmed	1
with	1
a	1
little	1
folded	1
paper	1
to	1
press	1
it	1
against	1
the	1
contacts.	1
Didn't	1
they	1
test	1
these	1
things	1
before	1
they	1
started	1
mass	1
producing?	1
Excellent,	1
but	1
with	1
one	1
minor	1
setback.	1
It	1
took	1
us	1
a	1
good	1
10	1
minutes	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
which	1
of	1
the	1
numerous	1
settings	1
would	1
provide	1
good	1
sound	1
on	1
both	1
ends.	1
Besides,	1
you	1
can	1
take	1
care	1
of	1
just	1
about	1
anything	1
using	1
your	1
online	1
account	1
--just	1
don't	1
order	1
replacement	1
phones.	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
T506	1
headset.	1
Works	1
with	1
all	1
iGo	1
chargers.	1
Only	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
if	1
the	1
plug	1
gets	1
touched	1
where	1
it	1
connects	1
to	1
the	1
phone,	1
it's	1
easily	1
disconnected	1
so	1
be	1
careful	1
about	1
that.	1
no	1
problems	1
at	1
all	1
--	1
arrived	1
as	1
promised,	1
works	1
as	1
advertised.	1
There	1
were	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
positive	1
reviews	1
so	1
I	1
was	1
hopeful.	1
After	1
that,	1
you're	1
on	1
your	1
own.	1
Logitech	1
seriously	1
needs	1
to	1
invest	1
in	1
testing	1
this	1
item	1
on	1
people	1
before	1
putting	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
kINDLE	1
ACESSORIES.	1
Works	1
great,	1
just	1
like	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
new...	1
I	1
wont	1
buy	1
it	1
again.	1
It	1
sounds	1
really	1
clear,	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
works	1
really	1
well,	1
and	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
extremely	1
nifty	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
record	1
and	1
make	1
my	1
own	1
custom	1
ringtones.	1
ITEM	1
WAS	1
JUST	1
AS	1
LISTED	1
AND	1
SHIPMENT	1
RECEIVED	1
ON	1
SCHEDULE.	1
And	1
usually,	1
it	1
would	1
not	1
understand	1
you.	1
what	1
does	1
this	1
mean	1
to	1
me	1
and	1
you.	1
You	1
can	1
transfer	1
contact	1
information	1
to	1
and	1
from	1
your	1
phone	1
to	1
Outlook,	1
which	1
is	1
fine	1
if	1
Outlook	1
is	1
your	1
contact	1
manager.	1
I	1
wouldnt	1
replace	1
my	1
my	1
main	1
camera	1
with	1
this,	1
but	1
its	1
a	1
great	1
camera	1
in	1
a	1
pinch.	1
It	1
is	1
black	1
neoprene	1
with	1
clear	1
plastic	1
caseing.Problems:A.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
take	1
the	1
"suit"	1
off	1
to	1
charge	1
your	1
phone,	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
around	1
this.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
D807	1
works	1
great	1
in	1
almost	1
every	1
category.	1
Tough	1
enough	1
for	1
hard	1
duty	1
and	1
law	1
enforcement.	1
Phone	1
gets	1
hot	1
after	1
a	1
decent	1
length	1
conversation.	1
A	1
good	1
design	1
would	1
have	1
made	1
the	1
button	1
s	1
take	1
up	1
the	1
entire	1
screen.	1
They	1
sell	1
counterfit	1
substandard	1
products.	1
The	1
jack	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
in	1
the	1
hole	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V173.	1
Does	1
what	1
is	1
is	1
supposed	1
to.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
wonderful.	1
The	1
phone	1
snaps	1
in	1
&	1
holds	1
very	1
well.	1
I	1
need	1
the	1
strap	1
off	1
for	1
that.	1
works	1
great	1
-	1
large	1
files.	1
I	1
loved	1
it	1
&	1
almost	1
wore	1
it	1
out	1
till	1
the	1
washing	1
machine	1
got	1
it.	1
That's	1
not	1
what	1
I	1
received.	1
T610	1
phone	1
is	1
useless.	1
Very	1
disappointed	1
to	1
say	1
the	1
least.	1
i	1
love	1
this	1
product.	1
The	1
buttons	1
are	1
a	1
good	1
size	1
for	1
me,	1
and	1
I	1
LOVE	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
feature.	1
Their	1
network	1
is	1
terrible.	1
the	1
phone	1
manufacturer	1
does	1
not	1
keep	1
stock	1
in	1
old	1
parts,	1
so	1
as	1
to	1
encourage	1
the	1
purchase	1
new	1
a	1
new	1
phone.	1
The	1
video	1
portion	1
of	1
the	1
camera	1
is	1
good	1
as	1
well	1
the	1
video	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good,	1
but	1
don't	1
plan	1
to	1
shoot	1
any	1
home	1
videos	1
with	1
it.	1
This	1
sleeve	1
is	1
the	1
poorest	1
quality	1
"leather"	1
without	1
fitting	1
properly.	1
Until	1
today	1
(2005),	1
this	1
phone	1
still	1
works	1
as	1
great	1
as	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
brand	1
new	1
phone.	1
It	1
shows	1
up	1
and	1
it	1
works.	1
Poor	1
voice	1
quality	1
-	1
don't	1
buy.	1
Very	1
vey	1
very	1
bad	1
stereo	1
headset.	1
Lousy	1
outside	1
a	1
totally	1
quiet	1
area.	1
A	1
.5	1
megipixel	1
would	1
suffice.4.	1
Recieved	1
both	1
products	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
day	1
1/22/09.	1
actually,	1
i'm	1
quite	1
unhappy	1
with	1
it;	1
it	1
slips	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
maintain	1
the	1
charging	1
status.	1
I've	1
hade	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
12	1
months.	1
The	1
rectangular	1
plug	1
that	1
goes	1
into	1
the	1
cel	1
phone	1
didn't	1
work.	1
They	1
informed	1
me	1
that	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
come	1
into	1
a	1
Cingular	1
store	1
[again]	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
SIM	1
card.	1
No	1
flimsy	1
parts	1
that	1
I	1
expect	1
to	1
break	1
soon.One	1
drawback	1
is	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
ringtones.	1
You	1
can	1
increase	1
the	1
original	1
plan	1
but	1
not	1
go	1
cheaper	1
for	1
the	1
grace	1
period.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
unit	1
for	1
over	1
half	1
a	1
year.	1
The	1
second	1
one	1
worked	1
longer;	1
maybe	1
3-4	1
months	1
but	1
it	1
just	1
failed	1
also.	1
The	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
is	1
necessary	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
PDA	1
from	1
the	1
cover	1
to	1
hot	1
synch	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
minor	1
inconvenience.	1
We	1
finally	1
tried	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
CS-55	1
Dect	1
6.0	1
Digital	1
Wireless	1
Office	1
Headset	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
AWESOME!	1
Sexy	1
Phone.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
product.	1
Subpar	1
Audio	1
Quality.	1
Great	1
phone,	1
more	1
features	1
than	1
I	1
can	1
use!.	1
I	1
can	1
live	1
with	1
that.	1
The	1
ear	1
piece	1
doesn't	1
sit	1
well	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
to	1
allow	1
proper	1
usage.	1
I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
service.	1
My	1
friends	1
all	1
have	1
reception	1
in	1
areas	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
T-mobile	1
service	1
but	1
different	1
phones.	1
The	1
first	1
reported	1
problem	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
microphone	1
boom	1
lays	1
against	1
one's	1
cheek	1
and	1
muffles	1
the	1
sound.	1
this	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
i	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
I	1
first	1
bought	1
it	1
at	1
the	1
store	1
for	1
$40.	1
Has	1
the	1
extras	1
-	1
but	1
sounds	1
terrible..	1
Hmpfh	1
ergg	1
tyhhu	1
jjas.	1
It	1
is	1
both	1
uncomfortable	1
to	1
hold,	1
and	1
uncomfortable	1
against	1
my	1
ear.	1
The	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
actually	1
functional.	1
Hardly	1
heard	1
anything	1
when	1
I	1
dropped	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
floor.	1
After	1
trying	1
several	1
other	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
from	1
the	1
likes	1
of	1
Plantronics	1
and	1
Motorola,	1
I	1
tried	1
the	1
Aliph	1
Jawbone.	1
A	1
great	1
concept	1
that	1
I've	1
found	1
hard	1
to	1
use.	1
Use	1
the	1
right	1
picture	1
and	1
description.	1
I	1
like	1
that	1
it	1
uploads	1
to	1
iTunes	1
automatically.My	1
criticism	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
stand	1
is	1
poorly	1
crafted,	1
flimsy	1
and	1
not	1
well	1
thought	1
out.	1
Thus,	1
it	1
enables	1
you	1
to	1
use	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
phone's	1
features	1
without	1
having	1
to	1
adjust	1
or	1
remove	1
this	1
case.	1
Got	1
a	1
call	1
from	1
these	1
ppl	1
they	1
said	1
if	1
i	1
removed	1
my	1
comment	1
they	1
would	1
send	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
for	1
free.	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
little	1
ipod	1
hole	1
for	1
the	1
plug	1
had	1
busted	1
somehow,	1
and	1
replaced	1
the	1
ipod.	1
YOU	1
NEED	1
TO	1
TAKE	1
CARE	1
OF	1
THIS	1
PROBLEM!!	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
rated	1
this	1
phone	1
as	1
a	1
3.5	1
star	1
but	1
just	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
cingular	1
line	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
it,	1
I	1
will	1
not	1
rate	1
it	1
any	1
higher	1
than	1
a	1
dismal	1
1.	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
item!	1
not	1
as	1
advertised.	1
I'm	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
reccomend	1
it	1
to	1
people	1
who	1
want	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
but	1
don't	1
care	1
about	1
all	1
the	1
doodads	1
that	1
a	1
15-yr	1
old	1
might	1
want.	1
AT&T	1
wanted	1
nearly	1
$20	1
for	1
this	1
cable.	1
Someone	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
smart	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
magnet	1
instead	1
of	1
a	1
snap,	1
but	1
in	1
reality,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
hold	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
place	1
enough.	1
I	1
hate	1
how	1
the	1
case	1
is	1
worhtless	1
for	1
putting	1
in	1
your	1
pocket,	1
thanks	1
to	1
the	1
huge	1
button	1
that	1
it	1
uses	1
for	1
the	1
belt	1
clip.	1
I	1
also	1
had	1
a	1
Motorola	1
&	1
Jabra.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
T-Mobile	1
plan	1
for	1
6	1
months	1
now.	1
Finally,	1
the	1
Q's	1
battery	1
life	1
was	1
terrible.	1
There	1
are	1
"holes"	1
everywhere	1
necessary,	1
so	1
you	1
don't	1
need	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
case	1
to	1
charge	1
it,	1
use	1
the	1
ear	1
bud	1
or	1
take	1
photos.	1
A	1
Little	1
Worn...	1
Battery	1
looked	1
a	1
little	1
worn,	1
but	1
works	1
great...ordering	1
and	1
shipping	1
went	1
very	1
smooth...for	1
the	1
price...cant	1
beat	1
it...thanks...	1
Maybe	1
if	1
I	1
put	1
a	1
magnet	1
or	1
tape	1
to	1
my	1
head	1
it	1
might	1
be	1
better.	1
Better	1
to	1
have	1
none	1
than	1
low	1
quality	1
VGA.	1
The	1
4900	1
was	1
a	1
far	1
superior	1
phone.	1
Can	1
you	1
still	1
hear	1
me?.	1
As	1
you	1
can	1
see	1
from	1
the	1
photo,	1
the	1
clip	1
is	1
as	1
thick	1
as	1
the	1
Treo	1
itself,	1
which	1
can	1
hardly	1
be	1
considered	1
slim	1
by	1
today's	1
standards.	1
My	1
Mother	1
hates	1
earbud	1
type	1
headphones	1
so	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
bit	1
weary	1
of	1
what	1
she'd	1
think	1
of	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
Will	1
be	1
returning.	1
No	1
wonder	1
they're	1
practically	1
trying	1
to	1
give	1
them	1
away!	1
I	1
first	1
purchased	1
the	1
blackberry	1
pearl	1
through	1
T-mobile	1
in	1
June	1
of	1
this	1
year.	1
Does	1
not	1
hold	1
a	1
charge.	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
is	1
it's	1
the	1
only	1
set	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
uses	1
LG's	1
native	1
connection	1
plug	1
for	1
VX8600.	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
within	1
a	1
reasonable	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
well.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
had	1
a	1
dime	1
or	1
something	1
to	1
scale	1
it	1
by.But	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
that	1
fit	1
it.	1
With	1
the	1
low	1
price,	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
quite	1
a	1
deal!	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money,	1
and	1
it's	1
not	1
even	1
worth	1
what	1
I	1
paid	1
for	1
it.	1
If	1
you	1
look	1
at	1
all	1
the	1
images	1
of	1
them	1
on	1
the	1
N90	1
they're	1
all	1
open	1
phones	1
instead	1
of	1
close.	1
And	1
speaking	1
of	1
alarm	1
clock	1
-	1
for	1
a	1
business	1
oriented	1
phone,	1
this	1
function	1
is	1
poor	1
at	1
best.	1
And	1
like	1
most	1
recent	1
cell	1
phones,	1
the	1
V3	1
includes	1
a	1
640-by-480	1
resolution	1
camera	1
with	1
a	1
4X	1
digital	1
zoom.	1
Great	1
buy	1
great	1
price	1
great	1
service.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
couple	1
months,	1
and	1
then	1
the	1
touch	1
pad	1
just	1
stops	1
working!!!	1
I	1
changed	1
the	1
kit,	1
changed	1
the	1
phone,	1
reinstall,	1
etc..	1
,	1
eventually	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
how	1
it	1
heard	1
tofay	1
with	1
this	1
technology.	1
provides	1
security	1
but	1
easy	1
access.	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
my	1
2nd	1
W300i,	1
both	1
of	1
them	1
have	1
started	1
shutting	1
off.	1
Amazon	1
usually	1
has	1
good	1
products...not	1
this	1
time.	1
Jensen	1
JTH940	1
Headset.	1
Good	1
quality	1
snap	1
closure.	1
I've	1
used	1
it	1
for	1
various	1
smart	1
phones,	1
which	1
is	1
nice	1
since	1
I	1
hate	1
having	1
to	1
keep	1
buying	1
new	1
cases.	1
Don't	1
feel	1
I	1
can	1
really	1
walk	1
30	1
feet	1
away	1
from	1
my	1
phone	1
(starts	1
to	1
crackle.)	1
It	1
actually	1
works	1
at	1
her	1
house!	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
satisfied	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
nor	1
Amazon.	1
Shipping	1
was	1
very	1
fast!	1
!The	1
Palm	1
OS	1
does	1
it	1
all	1
so	1
why	1
do	1
you	1
really	1
need	1
Windows	1
OS	1
on	1
the	1
new	1
one?	1
My	1
mother	1
I	1
travel	1
yesterday	1
and	1
it	1
said	1
to	1
me	1
that	1
On	1
top	1
of	1
that	1
the	1
people	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
talking	1
to	1
could	1
hardly	1
hear	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
barely	1
hear	1
them	1
even	1
on	1
loud	1
volume.	1
I	1
tried	1
those	1
MotorolaH500,	1
H700,	1
and	1
few	1
more,	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
one	1
I	1
liked.	1
The	1
one	1
on	1
my	1
previous	1
Samsung	1
was	1
10	1
times	1
better	1
and	1
that	1
was	1
an	1
older	1
phone.	1
The	1
key	1
lock	1
is	1
not	1
very	1
much	1
of	1
a	1
key	1
lock	1
if	1
you're	1
unknowingly	1
dialing	1
911	1
in	1
your	1
pocket.5.	1
The	1
mp4	1
video	1
is	1
awsome,	1
more	1
storage	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
nice	1
though,	1
maybe	1
a	1
sd	1
or	1
cf	1
storage?	1
A	1
real	1
rip	1
off!	1
I	1
set	1
up	1
a	1
25"	1
commercial	1
grade,	1
metal	1
blade	1
fan	1
(to	1
simulate	1
wind	1
noise)	1
and	1
sat	1
right	1
in	1
front	1
of	1
it	1
with	1
her	1
behind	1
me.	1
The	1
Negs...I	1
never	1
got	1
around	1
to	1
adding	1
any	1
software.	1
So	1
the	1
problem	1
is	1
the	1
cable,	1
the	1
right	1
channel	1
stopped	1
working.Not	1
a	1
durable	1
item,	1
so	1
buyer	1
beware.	1
Unit	1
would	1
not	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
phone,	1
in	1
fact	1
when	1
i	1
did	1
some	1
trouble	1
shooting,	1
it	1
would	1
not	1
even	1
stay	1
powered	1
on.	1
If	1
I	1
am	1
sitting	1
in	1
my	1
living	1
room,	1
the	1
headset	1
works	1
fine.I	1
bought	1
these	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
use	1
them	1
while	1
biking	1
and	1
walking.	1
Keep	1
your	1
money!.	1
Whenever	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
an	1
important	1
call	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
someone	1
else's	1
cell	1
phone	1
(as	1
long	1
as	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
on	1
Cingular).	1
I	1
figured,	1
bluetooth	1
is	1
bluetooth,	1
so	1
I	1
went	1
ahead	1
and	1
purchased	1
it.Charged	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
required	1
2	1
hours,	1
then	1
paired	1
it	1
up.	1
Later,	1
a	1
different	1
model	1
charger	1
from	1
Amazon	1
did	1
work.	1
No	1
one	1
even	1
knows	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
call	1
coming!	1
A	1
vibrating	1
battery	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
solution	1
to	1
that.This	1
particular	1
battery	1
could,	1
however,	1
be	1
a	1
little	1
stronger.	1
This	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
is	1
tiny	1
compared	1
to	1
others	1
I've	1
researched.	1
Will	1
definitely	1
order	1
again.	1
at	1
under	1
8	1
buck	1
it	1
seemed	1
like	1
a	1
good	1
deal,	1
but	1
this	1
cassette	1
adapter	1
broke	1
after	1
15	1
minutes	1
of	1
use.	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Battery.	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
designed	1
so	1
that	1
the	1
speaker	1
rests	1
on	1
top	1
of	1
your	1
ear.	1
It	1
was	1
attached	1
to	1
my	1
belt	1
on	1
the	1
left	1
side.	1
The	1
volume	1
is	1
set	1
way	1
too	1
low.	1
Just	1
got	1
the	1
phone	1
yesterday,	1
but	1
I've	1
played	1
with	1
it	1
enough	1
now	1
to	1
be	1
pretty	1
pleased	1
with	1
how	1
it	1
is	1
working.	1
Here's	1
my	1
list,	1
good	1
and	1
bad.	1
Excellent	1
phone	1
and	1
customer	1
service!.	1
Excellent	1
Transmitter.	1
El	1
articulo	1
era	1
tal	1
y	1
de	1
como	1
estaba	1
descrito,	1
de	1
facil	1
Instalaci&oacute;n	1
encajo	1
perfecto	1
en	1
mi	1
,	1
y	1
Funciona	1
Mejor	1
Que	1
un	1
Original	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
recommend	1
that	1
you	1
purchase	1
this	1
item	1
unless	1
you	1
want	1
your	1
sharp	1
looking	1
RAZR	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
real	1
flea	1
market	1
look	1
about	1
it.	1
The	1
volume	1
controls	1
on	1
the	1
headset	1
aren't	1
sensitive	1
enough	1
for	1
easy	1
volume	1
changes.	1
Not	1
worth	1
it!	1
Works	1
great	1
!	1
You'll	1
spend	1
a	1
bit	1
more,	1
but	1
I'm	1
a	1
big	1
fan	1
of	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
It	1
works	1
exactly	1
the	1
way	1
you'd	1
want	1
it	1
to.	1
(	1
I'm	1
a	1
little	1
hard	1
of	1
hearing)	1
I	1
ask	1
a	1
few	1
people	1
that	1
I	1
was	1
talking	1
with	1
over	1
the	1
headset	1
how	1
I	1
sounded.	1
MP3	1
player	1
is	1
equally	1
good.	1
A	1
second	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
stand	1
is	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
have	1
A/C	1
power	1
the	1
adapter	1
plugs	1
into	1
the	1
bottom	1
of	1
the	1
unit,	1
making	1
the	1
stand	1
useless.	1
Most	1
cell	1
phones	1
are	1
class	1
II	1
and	1
III	1
with	1
a	1
range	1
of	1
1-10meters.	1
The	1
second	1
one	1
worked	1
fine	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks	1
then	1
started	1
having	1
the	1
same	1
problems.	1
I	1
discussed	1
this	1
with	1
the	1
corporate	1
office	1
telling	1
them	1
this	1
issue	1
is	1
frequently	1
related	1
on	1
the	1
internet.	1
Then,	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Data	1
Pilot	1
software.	1
In	1
my	1
case,	1
the	1
power	1
button	1
works	1
when	1
pressed	1
hard,	1
the	1
Volume	1
button	1
doesn't	1
work	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
3	1
month	1
old	1
Motorola	1
Razor	1
phone,	1
and	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
earpiece.	1
They	1
should	1
state	1
this	1
feature	1
in	1
their	1
product	1
description.	1
PPC	1
software	1
is	1
everywere.Cons:Bigger	1
than	1
most	1
PDAs.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
that	1
brand.	1
How	1
dumb	1
is	1
that?	1
Most	1
dropped	1
calls.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
great,	1
price	1
was	1
excellent,	1
quality	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
expected.	1
I	1
didn't	1
have	1
a	1
chance	1
to	1
try	1
the	1
mic	1
but	1
the	1
stereo	1
audio	1
quality	1
was	1
lousy	1
on	1
all	1
the	1
devices	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
with	1
(direct	1
pairing	1
or	1
transmitter).Edit	1
but	1
the	1
item	1
was	1
defective.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
kit	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
the	1
caseI	1
dont	1
even	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
made	1
for	1
this	1
phone.Fell	1
apart	1
as	1
soon	1
as	1
i	1
forced	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
it.	1
It	1
looked	1
like	1
a	1
quarter	1
sized	1
ink	1
spot.	1
Great	1
value.	1
Synchronize	1
s	1
with	1
Windows	1
Address	1
book.	1
TOO	1
SMALL	1
FOR	1
PALM	1
PRE.	1
This	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
highest	1
quality	1
covers	1
you	1
will	1
find,	1
made	1
by	1
the	1
Nokia	1
(which	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
company	1
who	1
manufactures	1
the	1
phone.)	1
don`t	1
buy	1
it.	1
Plus	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
w300i.	1
But	1
getting	1
to	1
the	1
internet	1
takes	1
forever,	1
the	1
speaker	1
phone	1
don't	1
work,	1
people	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
fits	1
great	1
&	1
it	1
protects	1
the	1
screen.	1
Big	1
enough	1
to	1
grip	1
too.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
three	1
days	1
now	1
and	1
I'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
But	1
to	1
my	1
irony	1
the	1
samsung	1
fixed	1
it	1
and	1
the	1
screen	1
went	1
off	1
again	1
after	1
2	1
months	1
of	1
repair.	1
This	1
headset	1
just	1
allows	1
me	1
the	1
freedom	1
to	1
move	1
around	1
and	1
not	1
be	1
tied	1
to	1
a	1
desk	1
while	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
with	1
customers.	1
The	1
sound	1
was	1
perfect	1
and	1
I	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
complaint.	1
Looking	1
for	1
Nextel's	1
smallest	1
full-featured	1
phone?	1
The	1
USA	1
CDMA	1
Razr	1
is	1
about	1
to	1
be	1
released,	1
and	1
should	1
be	1
very	1
close	1
to	1
the	1
already	1
released	1
Korean	1
CDMA	1
Razr.	1
Because	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
up	1
your	1
minutes	1
fast	1
with	1
20	1
or	1
30	1
card.	1
(hook	1
in	1
one	1
side	1
and	1
then	1
push	1
the	1
otherside	1
down).	1
Went	1
to	1
walk	1
the	1
dog	1
after	1
that,	1
and	1
took	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
phone	1
with	1
me.	1
Charger	1
fell	1
apart.	1
Also,	1
I	1
bought	1
(paid	1
$0,	1
with	1
a	1
2	1
year	1
contract)	1
this	1
phone	1
through	1
amazon.	1
I	1
heard,	1
"Please	1
say	1
a	1
command;	1
please	1
say	1
a	1
command;	1
please	1
say	1
a	1
command;	1
please	1
say	1
a	1
command."	1
For	1
me,	1
it	1
fits	1
well	1
on	1
my	1
jawbone1.	1
After	1
being	1
kept	1
in	1
pants	1
pockets	1
and	1
mixing	1
with	1
keys	1
and	1
coins,the	1
plastic	1
scratches	1
and	1
soon	1
after	1
cracks.	1
Works	1
great,	1
but	1
the	1
pricing	1
is	1
absurd.	1
4	1
ear	1
loops	1
4	1
snap	1
on	1
ear	1
pieces	1
looked	1
like	1
it	1
was	1
made	1
out	1
of	1
metal.	1
Works	1
perfectly	1
and	1
fits	1
snugly..	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
blutooth	1
earpiece	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Find	1
a	1
better	1
phone	1
that	1
might	1
be	1
bigger,	1
but	1
at	1
least	1
u	1
will	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
talk	1
on	1
it.	1
What's	1
the	1
point	1
of	1
that	1
when	1
it's	1
suppose	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
"hands	1
free".	1
Easy	1
to	1
Pair	1
and	1
Great	1
Sound.	1
So	1
she	1
couldn't	1
help	1
me.	1
It	1
still	1
gives	1
the	1
same	1
problems	1
of	1
not	1
give	1
clear	1
sounds	1
and	1
hearing	1
some	1
noise.	1
Posted	1
my	1
questions.	1
After	1
testing	1
with	1
several	1
people,	1
they	1
all	1
said	1
it	1
sounded	1
lousy.After	1
reading	1
the	1
comments,	1
it	1
seems	1
that	1
everyone	1
has	1
a	1
different	1
opinion.	1
Also,	1
play	1
list	1
are	1
not	1
easy	1
to	1
modify.	1
Door	1
stop....They	1
have	1
the	1
M610	1
listed	1
so	1
I	1
took	1
a	1
chance,	1
but	1
it	1
will	1
not	1
charge	1
the	1
phone.	1
Understandable	1
around	1
the	1
holidays,	1
yes,	1
but	1
not	1
understandable	1
why	1
it	1
took	1
so	1
long	1
to	1
let	1
me	1
know.	1
Sunforce	1
solar	1
vent.	1
It	1
took	1
me	1
10	1
or	1
more	1
emails,	1
back	1
and	1
forth	1
with	1
the	1
vendor,	1
over	1
a	1
period	1
of	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
thing	1
up	1
and	1
running.	1
I	1
live	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
as	1
a	1
network	1
engineer.	1
Please	1
be	1
sure	1
not	1
to	1
purchase	1
this	1
car	1
charger.	1
With	1
this	1
antenna	1
pointed	1
roughly	1
in	1
the	1
direction	1
where	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
tower	1
was	1
my	1
signal	1
went	1
to	1
three	1
bars	1
so	1
I'm	1
in	1
business.	1
The	1
Edsel	1
of	1
Cell	1
Phones.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
barley	1
any	1
flaws	1
to	1
it.	1
I	1
use	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
Motorola	1
C332	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
took	1
off	1
the	1
case	1
you	1
would	1
notice	1
how	1
small	1
it	1
was,	1
it	1
was	1
almost	1
as	1
big	1
as	1
my	1
hand.	1
5	1
stars	1
hands	1
down.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
(if	1
the	1
size	1
and	1
look	1
doesn't	1
bother	1
you).	1
It	1
also	1
has	1
maps,	1
yellow	1
pages	1
and	1
a	1
lot	1
more.I	1
just	1
wish	1
that	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
was	1
a	1
bit	1
longer.	1
Setup	1
is	1
as	1
easy	1
as	1
pairing	1
any	1
bluetooth	1
devices.	1
Motorola	1
fans	1
will	1
like	1
this!.	1
Works	1
for	1
me!.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
on	1
a	1
daily	1
basis	1
at	1
the	1
gym	1
and	1
was	1
exceptionally	1
happy	1
until	1
it	1
quickly	1
(less	1
than	1
2	1
weeks!)	1
According	1
to	1
the	1
instructions,	1
the	1
light	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
red,	1
indicating	1
it	1
is	1
charging.	1
I'll	1
list	1
the	1
pros	1
and	1
cons	1
and	1
you	1
can	1
judge	1
for	1
yourself.	1
The	1
battery	1
I	1
received	1
was	1
manufactured	1
in	1
2007.	1
Pretty	1
flimsey.	1
But	1
they	1
do	1
not	1
understand	1
about	1
business	1
relationships	1
and	1
how	1
to	1
assist	1
the	1
customer.	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
Cingular	1
8525.	1
I	1
found	1
many	1
difficulties	1
with	1
using	1
it	1
and	1
very	1
poor	1
transmission	1
quality.I	1
hope	1
it	1
is	1
improved	1
and	1
then	1
I	1
may	1
try	1
it	1
aain.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6165i.	1
Mute	1
problem	1
solved-Nice	1
unit.	1
the	1
biggest	1
agravation	1
is	1
when	1
i	1
am	1
in	1
the	1
middle	1
of	1
a	1
call	1
the	1
call	1
gets	1
dropped	1
and	1
theres	1
an	1
error	1
message	1
on	1
the	1
screen.	1
Bought	1
three	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
Apple's	1
$20.00	1
3.5mm	1
to	1
2.5mm	1
adapter.	1
This	1
leather	1
case	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
accessory	1
for	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V3	1
phone.	1
It's	1
fuctional.	1
I	1
called	1
Plantronics	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
NONE	1
of	1
theie	1
headsets	1
are	1
working	1
with	1
Treo	1
phones.I	1
had	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
headset	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
24	1
hours	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
how	1
many	1
more	1
purchases	1
I'll	1
make	1
with	1
amazon	1
after	1
this	1
one.....	1
Price	1
is	1
right	1
also.	1
I	1
now	1
cry	1
at	1
the	1
mention	1
of	1
"T-mobile".	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
to	1
use	1
for	1
online	1
gaming	1
on	1
my	1
PS3.	1
unless	1
you	1
think	1
screen	1
saver	1
is	1
the	1
most	1
useful	1
feature	1
in	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
PIECE	1
OF	1
GARBAGE.	1
The	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
ring	1
and	1
I	1
couldn't	1
figure	1
out	1
why.	1
Cingular	1
sells	1
a	1
hard	1
plastic	1
version	1
for	1
$21.00	1
that	1
brakes	1
every	1
3	1
months.	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
fit.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
I	1
was	1
worried	1
at	1
first	1
to	1
buy	1
but,	1
heck	1
if	1
I	1
didnt	1
like	1
believe	1
me	1
I	1
would	1
of	1
returned	1
it!	1
I	1
was	1
skeptical	1
but	1
proceeded	1
to	1
purchase	1
it.	1
PDA	1
phone	1
and	1
palm	1
-	1
a	1
serious	1
thought.	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
experenced	1
SUDDEN	1
DEATH	1
after	1
10	1
days	1
I	1
love	1
my	1
Treo	1
Good	1
headset.	1
Low	1
quality..	1
I	1
found	1
that	1
I	1
got	1
what	1
I	1
paid	1
for.	1
A	1
bit	1
disappointing.	1
Excellent	1
phone	1
-	1
great	1
value.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
spend	1
$10	1
for	1
connecting	1
at	1
each	1
airport.	1
The	1
pair	1
up	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
fast	1
enough	1
to	1
catch	1
the	1
ring	1
before	1
it	1
goes	1
to	1
voice	1
mail.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
holster	1
today	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
simply	1
too	1
small	1
for	1
the	1
phone.	1
cell	1
phone	1
charger	1
review.	1
Extremely	1
comfortable	1
and	1
the	1
highest	1
sound	1
volume	1
to	1
date.	1
These	1
are	1
little	1
nit-picking	1
problems	1
Silicone	1
your	1
Treo.	1
Motorola	1
Q	1
Fitted	1
Leather	1
Case.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
power	1
hungry	1
smart	1
phone.	1
Buttons	1
are	1
all	1
easy	1
to	1
press.	1
(The	1
cable	1
and	1
software	1
can	1
be	1
purchased	1
separately,	1
but	1
not	1
together!	1
This	1
company	1
is	1
a	1
ripoff	1
and	1
will	1
never	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
them	1
again.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
my	1
Shorty	1
for	1
almost	1
2	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
I	1
just	1
experienced	1
the	1
"auto	1
shut	1
off"	1
bug	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
time.	1
I	1
only	1
wish	1
they	1
had	1
better	1
choices	1
in	1
an	1
affordable	1
flip	1
phone,	1
and	1
I	1
really	1
wish	1
they	1
would	1
do	1
something	1
about	1
"Simone"	1
the	1
virtual	1
phone	1
service.	1
Bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
wife's	1
Palm	1
Trio	1
750.	1
if	1
you	1
need	1
a	1
phone	1
for	1
handling	1
a	1
fair	1
amounts	1
of	1
scheduling,	1
get	1
a	1
treo	1
or	1
similar	1
product.	1
I	1
figured	1
the	1
USB	1
compatibility	1
would	1
be	1
good	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
easily	1
swap	1
the	1
device	1
between	1
computers.	1
The	1
others	1
require	1
you	1
to	1
press	1
the	1
#	1
button	1
when	1
you're	1
finished.	1
You	1
will	1
be	1
glad	1
you	1
did.	1
This	1
is	1
to	1
protect	1
the	1
glass	1
screen	1
on	1
the	1
front	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
a	1
good	1
deal.	1
Does	1
this	1
work?.	1
For	1
all	1
you	1
I/M	1
fanatics	1
out	1
there	1
(like	1
myself)	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V330	1
still	1
proves	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
best	1
AIM	1
software.	1
TMOBILE	1
IS	1
WORST	1
PHONE	1
SERVICE	1
I	1
HAVE	1
EVER	1
SEEN.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
admit	1
it	1
works	1
well	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
very	1
pleased.	1
I	1
picked	1
up	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
first	1
versions	1
of	1
the	1
cell	1
and	1
it	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
pretty	1
buggy.	1
I	1
strongly	1
recommend	1
this	1
case!	1
Besides	1
you	1
can	1
have	1
different	1
ringtones	1
for	1
different	1
people	1
in	1
your	1
phone	1
book.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
waste	1
my	1
money	1
on	1
it	1
though.	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
after	1
a	1
week	1
of	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work.	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
for	1
a	1
while,	1
then	1
it	1
gets	1
to	1
where	1
it	1
won't	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
when	1
not	1
in	1
use.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
large	1
screen	1
oversized	1
PDA.	1
You	1
can't	1
travel	1
and	1
DC	1
to	1
anyone	1
else	1
where	1
you're	1
at.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use/	1
great	1
quality.	1
A	1
complete	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
No	1
Complaints.	1
I	1
just	1
wonder	1
if	1
it	1
is	1
an	1
OEM	1
product;	1
how	1
can	1
they	1
sale	1
it	1
so	1
cheaply?	1
$1.27	1
order	1
with	1
a	1
ship	1
cost	1
of	1
$5.96	1
for	1
less	1
than	1
one	1
oz.	1
Stay	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
W	1
mart	1
stores	1
&	1
buy	1
this	1
item	1
off	1
of	1
Amazon	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
save	1
money.	1
Push	1
it	1
up	1
and	1
down	1
and	1
cannot	1
tell	1
any	1
difference.	1
Well	1
designed	1
product	1
that	1
is	1
a	1
steal	1
at	1
under	1
$3.	1
Product	1
has	1
sharp	1
edges,	1
makes	1
me	1
want	1
to	1
file	1
it	1
on	1
a	1
rock!	1
Its	1
really	1
designed	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
that	1
way.	1
Oh,	1
it	1
will	1
call	1
and	1
we'll	1
try	1
to	1
answer,	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
sound	1
loud	1
and	1
usually	1
clear	1
-	1
but	1
one	1
of	1
us	1
can't	1
hear	1
the	1
other	1
99%	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
-	1
at	1
all.	1
So	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
battery,	1
and	1
immediately	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
alive	1
again.	1
Want	1
a	1
new	1
cell	1
phone	1
but	1
keep	1
the	1
same	1
no.,	1
HOW?.	1
A	1
mobile	1
phone	1
unlike	1
just	1
about	1
any	1
other	1
cell	1
phone	1
created.	1
The	1
second	1
and	1
third	1
time	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
different	1
clip.	1
That's	1
fine	1
for	1
me,	1
because	1
I	1
don't	1
want	1
to	1
accidentally	1
turn	1
the	1
thing	1
off.	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
charge	1
it	1
daily	1
even	1
after	1
I	1
set	1
the	1
packet	1
data	1
to	1
"when	1
needed".	1
I	1
decided	1
rather	1
than	1
risk	1
messing	1
up	1
my	1
brand	1
new	1
phone,	1
I'll	1
order	1
all	1
cables	1
from	1
Verizon.	1
The	1
Blueant	1
Bluetooth,	1
hands-free	1
device	1
is	1
great.	1
Amazon	1
did	1
not	1
ship	1
until	1
9	1
days,	1
though	1
it	1
says	1
"usually	1
ships	1
in	1
24	1
hrs"	1
.	1
The	1
speaker	1
phone	1
is	1
excellent,	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
8200.	1
It	1
has	1
better	1
coverage	1
to	1
boot	1
(using	1
Sprint's	1
national	1
network).	1
The	1
phone	1
isn't	1
far	1
away	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
distance	1
even	1
when	1
fully	1
charged.	1
Despite	1
having	1
a	1
512mb	1
of	1
external	1
storage	1
the	1
phone	1
cannot	1
accommodate	1
a	1
mere	1
200	1
messages.	1
good	1
looking	1
but	1
fragile....	1
when	1
i	1
first	1
received	1
this	1
case	1
i	1
was	1
impressed	1
with	1
how	1
clear	1
it	1
was	1
and	1
how	1
sleek.	1
It's	1
comfortable	1
and	1
works	1
fine.As	1
for	1
the	1
hands-free	1
jack	1
on	1
your	1
phone,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
2.5	1
millimeter	1
jack.	1
The	1
whole	1
thing	1
is	1
coming	1
apart	1
like	1
a	1
3,000	1
year	1
old	1
bird	1
skeleton.	1
Also	1
regarding	1
quality,	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
great	1
deal	1
of	1
difficulty	1
in	1
getting	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
correctly	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
(Samsung,	1
newer	1
model).	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
for	1
driving,	1
mostly	1
highway,	1
25K	1
miles/yr.	1
We	1
were	1
living	1
off	1
the	1
grid	1
in	1
a	1
very	1
remote	1
part	1
of	1
Samoa	1
at	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
literally	1
depended	1
on	1
the	1
output	1
from	1
our	1
wind	1
turbines	1
and	1
solarpanels.	1
While	1
it	1
is	1
quite	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
it	1
will	1
take	1
some	1
time	1
to	1
remember	1
its	1
various	1
functions	1
using	1
the	1
3	1
button	1
combinations.	1
case	1
works	1
ok	1
-	1
collects	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
dust	1
kind	1
of	1
thoughbelt	1
clip	1
broke	1
off	1
after	1
approximately	1
3	1
minutes	1
of	1
use	1
cell	1
battery.	1
When	1
I	1
get	1
in	1
this	1
state,	1
I	1
might	1
as	1
well	1
forget	1
it.	1
Using	1
the	1
web,	1
the	1
response	1
time	1
is	1
quick	1
and	1
the	1
representatives	1
are	1
courteous,	1
but	1
next	1
to	1
useless.	1
Works	1
great.	1
So	1
when	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
Nokia,	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
the	1
Cingular	1
store	1
and	1
had	1
them	1
use	1
their	1
machine	1
to	1
transfer	1
my	1
contacts	1
from	1
my	1
old	1
SIM	1
to	1
my	1
new	1
one.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
BATTERY!	1
get	1
what	1
u	1
pay	1
for.	1
Doesn't	1
Fit	1
VX8300.	1
Great	1
alternative	1
to	1
bluetooth.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
so	1
much	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
second	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
wife.	1
I'm	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
unbelievalbe.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
fully	1
bluetooth	1
compatible,	1
there	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
direct	1
interface	1
with	1
a	1
PC	1
which	1
forces	1
you	1
to	1
use	1
monthly	1
billed	1
products	1
known	1
as	1
VCast.	1
Outstanding	1
Bluetooth	1
Speakerphone.	1
Charges	1
very	1
fast.	1
Worked	1
fine	1
until	1
it	1
failed...	1
3	1
days	1
after	1
purchase.	1
The	1
pen	1
didn't	1
write.	1
Wouldn't	1
buy	1
again.	1
It	1
finally	1
came,	1
and	1
i	1
knew	1
i	1
wanted	1
a	1
SE.	1
Would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
I	1
hope	1
they	1
decide	1
to	1
do	1
the	1
right	1
thing	1
before	1
this	1
happens.	1
This	1
was	1
our	1
third	1
cellular	1
service	1
though	1
and	1
they	1
are	1
all	1
the	1
same.	1
Downloading	1
stuff	1
by	1
the	1
kb	1
is	1
insanely	1
costly,	1
and	1
the	1
media	1
plans	1
add	1
significant	1
cost	1
to	1
the	1
monthly	1
plans.	1
The	1
earbud	1
itself	1
uses	1
a	1
2.5mm	1
jack,	1
and	1
that	1
is	1
not	1
what	1
the	1
Sonyericsson	1
T226	1
uses	1
(it	1
uses	1
a	1
propriety	1
connection).	1
Then	1
I	1
began	1
testing	1
it.First	1
call	1
I	1
made	1
was	1
to	1
my	1
voicemail	1
-	1
very	1
staticy.	1
anyone	1
that	1
didn't	1
get	1
awesome	1
results	1
must	1
be	1
using	1
this	1
product	1
wrong.	1
This	1
may	1
be	1
because	1
the	1
handset	1
mic	1
is	1
active	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
flipped	1
open.	1
Not	1
a	1
True	1
2.5mm	1
Female	1
to	1
3.5mm	1
Male	1
Adapter.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
Sanyo	1
Katana,	1
don't	1
bother.	1
It	1
fits	1
like	1
a	1
glove,	1
haha,	1
the	1
body	1
glove	1
cellsuit	1
fits	1
my	1
Motorola	1
KRZR	1
perfectly.	1
AWESOME	1
accessories.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
anyone.	1
Battery	1
lasts	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
hours.	1
Great	1
Camera,	1
bad	1
phone..	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
beautiful	1
screen,	1
takes	1
gorgeous	1
photos,	1
and	1
fairly	1
good	1
videos,	1
it	1
can	1
send	1
them	1
to	1
anyone	1
with	1
an	1
e-mail.	1
I	1
like	1
this	1
product	1
because	1
I	1
can	1
quickly	1
put	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
when	1
driving	1
and	1
take	1
out	1
when	1
not	1
using.	1
Would	1
like	1
it	1
more	1
if	1
it	1
didn't	1
come	1
with	1
hardware	1
issues....	1
I	1
just	1
activated	1
my	1
3rd	1
PM-325.	1
I	1
bought	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
and	1
really	1
liked	1
it...	1
for	1
about	1
six	1
months	1
until	1
it	1
stopped	1
working;	1
no	1
audio;	1
like	1
the	1
wire	1
was	1
cut.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sending	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
samsung	1
because	1
I'll	1
have	1
to	1
pay	1
for	1
it.	1
Cheaply	1
made.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
deal!	1
I	1
can	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
at	1
home	1
or	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
with	1
leaving	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
case.	1
Only	1
comment	1
is	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
is	1
not	1
adjustable	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
fit.	1
The	1
hook	1
is	1
terribly	1
inconvenient,	1
falls	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
giving	1
it	1
to	1
a	1
friend	1
who	1
reports	1
that	1
it	1
works	1
decently	1
for	1
her	1
Nokia	1
(I	1
think	1
the	1
Nokia	1
Music	1
Express.	1
There	1
hasn't	1
been	1
any	1
one	1
problem	1
I	1
can	1
actually	1
hear	1
people	1
at	1
highway	1
speeds	1
instead	1
of	1
pressing	1
my	1
Razor	1
phone	1
firmly	1
to	1
my	1
ear	1
like	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
do.	1
(commonly	1
found	1
on	1
plantronics	1
stuff)	1
It	1
not	1
only	1
injects	1
the	1
sound	1
into	1
your	1
ear,	1
but	1
stabilizes	1
the	1
earpiece	1
on	1
your	1
ear.	1
They	1
are	1
just	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
that	1
was	1
in	1
our	1
cell	1
phones.	1
This	1
case	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
well	1
constructed,	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
awesome	1
and	1
VibeCelluar	1
had	1
it	1
to	1
me	1
in	1
days	1
after	1
the	1
order.	1
While	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
pretty	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
looks	1
great,	1
there	1
is	1
NO	1
PROTECTION.	1
Obviously	1
used.	1
The	1
case	1
in	1
the	1
picture	1
is	1
not	1
what	1
i	1
received	1
exactly.	1
i	1
finally	1
got	1
the	1
product	1
by	1
us	1
mail	1
in	1
a	1
flimsy	1
envelope	1
with	1
no	1
bubble	1
wrap	1
or	1
secure	1
packaging.	1
Solar	1
pest	1
repeller.	1
The	1
tip	1
which	1
goes	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
cracked	1
under	1
normal	1
wear-and-tear	1
usage.	1
The	1
battery	1
can	1
last	1
around	1
3	1
days.	1
bad	1
belt	1
clips.	1
If	1
you	1
like	1
hip-hop,	1
or	1
electronica	1
you	1
will	1
love	1
these.	1
The	1
black	1
color	1
on	1
the	1
shell	1
comes	1
off	1
and	1
scratches	1
very	1
easily,	1
and	1
over	1
a	1
period	1
of	1
just	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
looks	1
cheap	1
and	1
ugly.	1
Pretty	1
good	1
battery!.	1
READ	1
THIS	1
-	1
TRUE	1
STORY.	1
GOOD	1
TO	1
GO.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
people	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
have	1
no	1
problems	1
hearing	1
what	1
I	1
am	1
saying.	1
It	1
was	1
difficult	1
to	1
plug	1
into	1
the	1
phone,	1
and	1
later	1
when	1
we	1
plugged	1
it	1
into	1
the	1
USB	1
port,	1
we	1
couldn't	1
read	1
what	1
it	1
had	1
saved	1
on	1
it.	1
Once	1
charged	1
it	1
will	1
last	1
for	1
a	1
very	1
long	1
time.	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
could	1
sync	1
my	1
contacts,	1
calendar,	1
and	1
ToDo	1
list,	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
ditch	1
my	1
PDA.	1
a+	1
works	1
as	1
advertised,	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
several	1
months	1
now	1
with	1
no	1
problems,	1
no	1
complaints	1
from	1
me,	1
pick	1
this	1
up	1
if	1
you	1
need	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
at	1
a	1
very	1
reasonable	1
price.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
where	1
all	1
the	1
negative	1
reviews	1
are	1
coming	1
from	1
unless	1
they	1
shipped	1
some	1
defective	1
phones.	1
Trying	1
to	1
get	1
through	1
to	1
customer	1
service	1
takes	1
forever	1
and	1
once	1
you	1
get	1
through	1
they	1
do	1
nothing.	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
that	1
much.I've	1
now	1
had	1
my	1
PEBL	1
for	1
over	1
six	1
months.	1
This	1
case	1
arrived	1
on	1
time	1
and	1
looks	1
great.	1
Item	1
as	1
described	1
and	1
in	1
perfect	1
condition.	1
USB	1
power	1
option.	1
Please	1
note	1
that	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
come	1
with	1
foam	1
earpads	1
like	1
the	1
box	1
says	1
so	1
you	1
are	1
stuck	1
with	1
the	1
eargels.	1
After	1
just	1
a	1
little	1
use	1
the	1
mic	1
stopped	1
working.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
quick	1
alarm	1
and	1
mutiple	1
alarms	1
you	1
can	1
use.	1
tight	1
squeeze.	1
I	1
still	1
haven't	1
figured	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
speed	1
dial.	1
Merry	1
Christmas!!!!!	1
Both	1
mine	1
and	1
my	1
ol'	1
lady's	1
phone	1
too.Junk.	1
I	1
was	1
skeptical	1
when	1
ordering,	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
price,	1
I	1
thought,	1
"what	1
the	1
heck."	1
It's	1
sensitive	1
to	1
the	1
direction	1
you	1
point	1
it.	1
Absolutely	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
price.	1
It	1
took	1
me	1
an	1
hour	1
to	1
fiqure	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
sent	1
to	1
back.	1
People	1
have	1
told	1
me	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
much	1
clearer	1
than	1
my	1
former	1
headset.	1
Thanks	1
Amazon!	1
Need	1
I	1
say	1
more.	1
My	1
SIM	1
card	1
was	1
already	1
in	1
place	1
and	1
I	1
checked	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
it	1
was	1
making	1
contact	1
with	1
the	1
surface	1
responsible	1
for	1
reading	1
my	1
SIM	1
card.	1
But	1
only	1
problems	1
is	1
the	1
bluetooth.I	1
had	1
a	1
sony	1
ericson	1
phone	1
which	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
was	1
perfect	1
with	1
no	1
static.	1
you	1
can	1
only	1
use	1
this	1
on	1
your	1
right	1
ear.i	1
would	1
recommend	1
the	1
jabra	1
freespeak	1
as	1
an	1
alternative	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
headset	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
worn	1
that	1
is	1
so	1
light	1
that	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
I	1
am	1
wearing	1
it.	1
The	1
best	1
part	1
is	1
that	1
when	1
you	1
get	1
too	1
far	1
away	1
it	1
gets	1
a	1
little	1
static	1
so	1
that	1
you	1
know	1
to	1
come	1
back	1
closer	1
and	1
then	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
clears	1
up.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
nice	1
and	1
the	1
contrast	1
and	1
zoom	1
are	1
awesome.	1
i	1
never	1
received	1
the	1
product.	1
don't	1
bother	1
with	1
"pay	1
as	1
you	1
go".	1
The	1
new	1
BLACK	1
T-Mobile	1
Motorola	1
V3T	1
defines	1
a	1
"sexy"	1
phone.	1
Great	1
Case!!!.	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
any	1
one	1
with	1
a	1
htc	1
evo	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
getting	1
a	1
device	1
with	1
a	1
standardized	1
charging	1
port	1
(like	1
microUSB)	1
instead.	1
We'd	1
have	1
bought	1
it	1
@	1
the	1
AT&T;	1
store	1
but	1
they	1
just	1
do	1
not	1
have	1
it	1
available.	1
This	1
charger	1
is	1
horrible!!!!!	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
ad	1
and	1
the	1
picture	1
is	1
misleading.	1
Other	1
Jabra	1
products	1
I've	1
used	1
in	1
the	1
past	1
have	1
nicely	1
contoured	1
jels	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
hoping	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
one	1
of	1
those	1
on	1
this	1
piece.	1
My	1
friends	1
has	1
the	1
Samsung	1
E315	1
and	1
has	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
his.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
replacement	1
and	1
charged	1
it	1
up.	1
Nokia	1
cable.	1
STOP...Do	1
Not	1
Buy	1
this	1
Phone!.	1
Yes,	1
it's	1
big,	1
but	1
not	1
too	1
big.	1
You	1
may	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
a	1
little	1
customizing,	1
but	1
other	1
than	1
that	1
it's	1
a	1
really	1
good	1
product.	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
chinese	1
knockoff	1
phone	1
that	1
has	1
this	1
nokia	1
battery.	1
Only	1
downside,	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
bright	1
blue	1
screen	1
which	1
is	1
good	1
to	1
view	1
the	1
counter,	1
but	1
not	1
so	1
good	1
when	1
it's	1
night	1
and	1
you	1
leave	1
it	1
plugged	1
up.	1
I	1
ordered	1
one	1
of	1
these.	1
How	1
can	1
you	1
tell?	1
I	1
couldn't	1
find	1
one	1
that	1
was	1
small	1
enough	1
for	1
it	1
without	1
being	1
bulky,	1
but	1
that	1
still	1
protected	1
it	1
-	1
i	1
found	1
it	1
in	1
this	1
case	1
with	1
a	1
little	1
style.	1
not	1
so	1
great	1
clip.	1
Size	1
Matters.	1
Well,	1
that's	1
what	1
the	1
Audio	1
Streamer	1
did,	1
but	1
the	1
headphone	1
was	1
red	1
with	1
an	1
occasional	1
blue	1
flash.	1
After	1
a	1
full	1
super	1
wash	1
with	1
All	1
Clean	1
and	1
Clear	1
and	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
Snuggle's	1
fabric	1
softner,	1
I'm	1
sure	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
quite	1
clean	1
now.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
to	1
contact	1
the	1
seller	1
without	1
any	1
success.	1
And	1
if	1
you	1
were	1
wondering,	1
it's	1
not	1
the	1
seller's	1
brand	1
either.	1
I	1
was	1
trying	1
to	1
save	1
my	1
blackberry	1
pearl	1
and	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
by	1
purchasing	1
a	1
new	1
battery	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
able	1
to.	1
The	1
idea	1
is	1
presumably	1
to	1
minimize	1
distraction	1
while	1
driving,	1
not	1
increase	1
frustration.	1
More	1
testing	1
should	1
have	1
been	1
done	1
prior	1
to	1
release.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
it's	1
own	1
cover,	1
no	1
flimsy	1
plasic	1
back	1
cover	1
to	1
break	1
pr	1
get	1
lost,	1
and	1
it's	1
east	1
to	1
switch	1
batteries.	1
disappointed.	1
Defective	1
Produce	1
and	1
Extra	1
Cost	1
to	1
Fix.	1
I	1
love	1
everything,	1
except	1
my	1
new	1
one	1
broke	1
after	1
a	1
month	1
(the	1
scroll	1
wheel)	1
and	1
they	1
forced	1
me	1
to	1
accept	1
a	1
refurbished	1
one	1
as	1
a	1
replacement.	1
I'm	1
thinking	1
it's	1
probably	1
the	1
result	1
of	1
always	1
leaving	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
car	1
in	1
the	1
Texas	1
summer.	1
Any	1
pressure	1
applied	1
to	1
the	1
headset,	1
such	1
as	1
removing	1
it	1
from	1
an	1
ear,	1
often	1
results	1
in	1
the	1
clip	1
forcing	1
the	1
ear	1
tip	1
free.	1
(price	1
was	1
a	1
strong	1
influence)	1
The	1
Jabra	1
BT620s	1
is	1
really	1
nice.	1
I	1
work	1
at	1
home	1
and	1
use	1
a	1
cordless	1
phone	1
with	1
headset	1
to	1
do	1
my	1
job.	1
Within	1
a	1
three	1
month	1
period	1
the	1
tiny	1
wires	1
get	1
shorts	1
in	1
them	1
and	1
the	1
audio	1
is	1
gone.	1
Very	1
disappointed	1
in	1
this	1
headset	1
and	1
am	1
returning	1
it	1
today.-	1
No	1
matter	1
what	1
I	1
did,	1
the	1
much-hyped	1
noise	1
cancellation	1
didn't	1
seem	1
to	1
work.	1
!BURN	1
YOUR	1
MONEY	1
FIRST	1
I'm	1
talking	1
delayed	1
as	1
in	1
up	1
to	1
30secs!2)Freezes.	1
I	1
was	1
with	1
ATT	1
wireless,	1
and	1
in	1
their	1
merger	1
to	1
Cingular	1
everyone	1
in	1
Oklahoma	1
was	1
"sold"	1
to	1
Alltel.	1
Thus	1
far	1
the	1
product	1
has	1
met	1
my	1
expectations	1
and	1
would	1
recommend	1
the	1
product	1
to	1
my	1
friends	1
and	1
family	1
to	1
try	1
the	1
product.	1
This	1
case	1
was	1
designed	1
for	1
looks	1
only	1
-	1
no	1
consideration	1
was	1
made	1
for	1
performance,comfort,	1
or	1
security.	1
Poor	1
performance.	1
So	1
when	1
I	1
gor	1
my	1
i830	1
from	1
Nextel's	1
site	1
I	1
was	1
extremely	1
happy	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
all	1
I	1
expected	1
and	1
more	1
until	1
I	1
started	1
using	1
it.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
to	1
upgrade	1
my	1
previous	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
phone	1
which	1
was	1
a	1
cheapie	1
when	1
bought	1
and	1
only	1
passable.	1
Cell	1
phone.	1
Click	1
send.11.	1
Would	1
not	1
recommend	1
it.	1
I	1
only	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
1	1
month	1
before	1
T-mobile	1
had	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
because	1
it	1
kept	1
turning	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
by	1
itself.	1
Maybe	1
better	1
than	1
holding	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
my	1
head	1
according	1
to	1
those	1
that	1
I	1
speak	1
with	1
(this	1
has	1
included	1
driving,	1
noisy	1
stores,	1
and	1
noisy	1
workshops).	1
Though,	1
I	1
suspect	1
this	1
may	1
also	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
the	1
poor	1
fit.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
improvement,	1
and	1
works	1
almost	1
every	1
time.5.	1
The	1
functionality	1
is	1
great.	1
It	1
looks	1
so	1
much	1
better	1
without	1
the	1
ear	1
loop.	1
I	1
get	1
no	1
noise	1
from	1
receiving	1
or	1
calling	1
and	1
everyone	1
I	1
talk	1
with	1
says	1
it	1
sounds	1
as	1
if	1
im	1
using	1
a	1
land	1
line.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
black	1
razr	1
and	1
for	1
whatever	1
reason,	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
new	1
SIM	1
card.	1
Well	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
The	1
phone	1
lets	1
you	1
choose	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
full-screen	1
wallpaper,	1
centered,	1
or	1
tiled.	1
After	1
a	1
while	1
I	1
gave	1
up..	1
Just	1
never	1
got	1
this	1
item	1
from	1
the	1
seller.	1
Product	1
works	1
flawlessly	1
.	1
I'm	1
sending	1
it	1
back	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
-	1
we'll	1
see.	1
I	1
make	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
calls	1
on	1
the	1
road	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
problem.Speaker	1
phone	1
is	1
fantastic.	1
In	1
previous	1
phones	1
I've	1
owned,	1
the	1
battery	1
weighed	1
at	1
least	1
three	1
times	1
what	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
weighed.	1
Bad	1
Service	1
goodlooking	1
phone	1
but	1
just	1
goodlooking.	1
However,	1
after	1
using	1
them	1
more	1
often	1
and	1
for	1
longer	1
periods	1
of	1
time	1
I	1
realized	1
that	1
they	1
were	1
not	1
as	1
comfortable	1
as	1
I	1
thought.	1
(adjusting	1
the	1
sound	1
on	1
your	1
iPod	1
doesn't	1
have	1
any	1
effect	1
at	1
all)	1
As	1
for	1
using	1
with	1
a	1
phone,	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
using	1
it	1
in	1
a	1
loud	1
place.	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
my	1
tax	1
return	1
and	1
I'm	1
going	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
one	1
today!	1
Vibrate	1
must	1
be	1
set	1
by	1
the	1
keypad	1
and	1
the	1
ring	1
volume	1
requires	1
you	1
to	1
navigate	1
in	1
the	1
control	1
menus.	1
I	1
called	1
product	1
support	1
and	1
they	1
emailed	1
me	1
a	1
document	1
that	1
supposedly	1
would	1
circumvent	1
this	1
problem.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
date	1
cable	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
in	1
my	1
dell	1
laptop	1
and	1
i	1
trust	1
this	1
seller.They	1
stand	1
behind	1
their	1
customer	1
service..	1
This	1
is	1
such	1
a	1
great	1
item!	1
The	1
calendar	1
sort	1
of	1
half	1
worked.	1
Don't	1
just	1
take	1
my	1
word	1
for,	1
try	1
it	1
and	1
you'll	1
see.	1
This	1
phone	1
features	1
1.3Mpixel,	1
charge	1
stand	1
connector,	1
much	1
more	1
flash	1
ram	1
(64MB	1
vs	1
5Mpixels,	1
so	1
that	1
real	1
MP3	1
can	1
be	1
played.	1
But,	1
think	1
that	1
most	1
complainers	1
do	1
not	1
read	1
the	1
instructions.	1
Wrong	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
Wilson	1
Booster.	1
Highly	1
recommended!	1
I	1
finally	1
figured	1
out	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
reflection	1
of	1
my	1
headsets	1
indicator	1
light	1
reflecting	1
off	1
the	1
windows!	1
I	1
have	1
other	1
iGo	1
stuff,	1
so	1
I	1
live	1
with	1
it.	1
No	1
problems.	1
So	1
that	1
phone	1
got	1
returned	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
have	1
phone	1
#3.	1
It	1
works	1
pretty	1
good.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
an	1
IT	1
person	1
at	1
your	1
company	1
to	1
help	1
you	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
great,	1
otherwise,	1
forget	1
it.	1
It	1
takes	1
about	1
2+	1
hours	1
with	1
the	1
truck	1
off	1
for	1
a	1
full	1
charge	1
of	1
my	1
i95cl	1
(which	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
w/	1
suprisingly	1
good	1
speakerphone).	1
I	1
am	1
disappointed	1
and	1
have	1
lowered	1
my	1
initial	1
rating	1
of	1
4	1
stars.	1
Message	1
deleted	1
in	1
the	1
tool	1
still	1
appeared	1
on	1
my	1
phone.	1
I've	1
suggested	1
this	1
to	1
all	1
my	1
friends.	1
Calls	1
are	1
clean	1
when	1
there	1
is	1
at	1
least	1
3	1
or	1
4	1
bars.	1
Great	1
product	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
suspect	1
that	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
dying	1
again.	1
A	1
great	1
battery.	1
After	1
talking	1
on	1
the	1
for	1
several	1
minutes	1
my	1
ear	1
is	1
sore.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
item.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
forward	1
to	1
getting	1
this	1
ear	1
bud	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
stream	1
line	1
and	1
sleek.	1
Nice	1
color	1
screen4.	1
All	1
this	1
did	1
for	1
my	1
camera	1
was	1
make	1
the	1
scratches	1
I	1
already	1
had	1
more	1
noticeable	1
and	1
add	1
a	1
few	1
extra	1
along	1
with	1
it.	1
calls	1
get	1
dropped	1
just	1
sitting	1
at	1
my	1
desk.	1
Hey,	1
they	1
are	1
just	1
3	1
styli?	1
This	1
battery	1
isn't	1
any	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
2	1
years	1
ago.	1
At	1
highway	1
speeds	1
(ok,	1
faster	1
than	1
that)	1
with	1
loud	1
pipes,	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
honk	1
my	1
horn	1
to	1
convince	1
the	1
other	1
party	1
I	1
was,indeed,	1
on	1
my	1
bike.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
Afterwards	1
we	1
had	1
a	1
sporadic	1
5bar...but	1
it	1
would	1
go	1
down	1
to	1
no	1
bars	1
and	1
still	1
drop	1
calls.	1
This	1
phone	1
just	1
blanks	1
out	1
when	1
you	1
keep	1
dialing	1
the	1
numbers.	1
Great	1
combination!.	1
Phone	1
aesthetics	1
is	1
phenomenal,	1
intuitive	1
design	1
and	1
layout,	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
will	1
check	1
reviews	1
on	1
items	1
that	1
I	1
plan	1
to	1
purchase	1
from	1
now	1
on.	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
holder	1
it	1
snaps	1
into	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
stay	1
in	1
place	1
and	1
is	1
always	1
falling	1
out.	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
purchase	1
experience	1
at	1
all.	1
Then	1
it	1
starts	1
to	1
beep	1
and	1
get	1
anoying.I	1
use	1
these	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
Upstage	1
2	1
(	1
SPH-M620	1
).	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
need	1
it	1
to	1
go	1
through	1
the	1
walls	1
in	1
a	1
different	1
room	1
the	1
signal	1
drops	1
fast.	1
plantronics	1
voyager	1
510slplus	1
headset.	1
I've	1
tried	1
moving	1
it	1
around	1
in	1
my	1
car	1
with	1
no	1
success	1
-	1
even	1
just	1
holding	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
hand.	1
T-Mobile	1
Sucks.	1
Mine	1
went	1
straight	1
in	1
the	1
closet.	1
They	1
seem	1
to	1
have	1
different	1
sub-models.	1
Small,	1
fit	1
snugly	1
and	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
add	1
on	1
to	1
your	1
bluetooth	1
phone.	1
Although	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
protectors	1
that	1
came	1
will	1
cover	1
the	1
important	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
Chocolate	1
screen.	1
You	1
will	1
be	1
too.	1
As	1
advertised.	1
Very	1
poorly	1
made	1
*	1
I	1
still	1
haven't	1
figured	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
upload	1
a	1
pic	1
to	1
use	1
for	1
the	1
external	1
screen.	1
I	1
lost	1
the	1
balance	1
in	1
my	1
account	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
number.I'm	1
looking	1
elsewhere	1
now.	1
Let	1
me	1
just	1
say	1
that	1
I	1
own	1
the	1
Motorola	1
V330	1
and	1
from	1
reading	1
the	1
other	1
reviews,	1
it	1
seems	1
that	1
this	1
headset	1
works	1
best	1
with	1
the	1
razr.	1
Holding	1
the	1
V600	1
stationary,	1
I	1
snapped	1
three	1
pictures	1
of	1
my	1
calendar,	1
a	1
1x,	1
2x,	1
and	1
4x.	1
Great	1
Phone.	1
Very	1
low	1
glare	1
and	1
no	1
fingerprints.	1
Regularly,	1
I	1
heard	1
"are	1
you	1
on	1
a	1
headset,	1
can	1
you	1
get	1
off	1
of	1
it	1
I	1
can	1
barely	1
understand	1
you".	1
I	1
have	1
owned	1
the	1
VX6100	1
for	1
nearly	1
a	1
year	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
proven	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
quality	1
phone.PROS	1
A	1
few	1
years	1
ago,	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
Jabra	1
C250	1
along	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
Defective	1
When	1
Shipped.	1
As	1
with	1
all	1
wrap-around-the-neck-style	1
headphones,	1
these	1
just	1
don't	1
fit	1
right.	1
The	1
back	1
was	1
scratched,	1
the	1
product	1
code	1
was	1
markered	1
over	1
and	1
a	1
date	1
stamp	1
was	1
pasted	1
over	1
the	1
back.	1
I	1
can	1
leave	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
charger	1
while	1
I'm	1
driving	1
and	1
only	1
remove	1
it	1
to	1
answer	1
a	1
call.	1
The	1
serious	1
design	1
flaws	1
aren't	1
simply	1
manufacturing	1
errors.	1
Also	1
if	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
downloaded	1
theme	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
sacrifice	1
the	1
caller	1
id	1
on	1
the	1
external	1
screen	1
to	1
do	1
so.	1
its	1
pretty	1
and	1
preppy	1
and	1
just	1
a	1
must	1
have	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
dull	1
looking	1
PDA	1
look	1
fantastic!	1
This	1
is	1
probably	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
shortness	1
of	1
the	1
microphone	1
pickup.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
extra	1
cost	1
for	1
the	1
cable	1
and	1
software	1
that	1
should	1
have	1
been	1
included	1
in	1
the	1
original	1
purchase	1
package.	1
But	1
little	1
by	1
little	1
my	1
friends	1
and	1
family	1
started	1
complaining	1
to	1
me	1
about	1
the	1
TERRIBLE	1
ECHO	1
they	1
were	1
getting	1
whenever	1
they	1
would	1
speak.	1
Customer	1
service	1
was	1
very	1
good,	1
but	1
the	1
first	1
battery	1
I	1
received	1
tainted	1
my	1
view	1
of	1
the	1
product	1
quality.	1
It's	1
easy	1
to	1
turn	1
on	1
To	1
add	1
insult	1
to	1
injury,	1
the	1
replacement	1
stylus	1
does	1
NOT	1
fit	1
well	1
at	1
all.	1
Works	1
fine,	1
but	1
not	1
as	1
pictured..	1
This	1
charger	1
works	1
great	1
on	1
my	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
V3M,	1
but	1
I'd	1
just	1
like	1
to	1
point	1
out	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
NOT	1
as	1
pictured.	1
And	1
when	1
I'm	1
on	1
a	1
call,	1
I	1
can	1
talk	1
on	1
the	1
microphone	1
and	1
use	1
my	1
car	1
speakers	1
to	1
listen.One	1
other	1
cool	1
thing	1
is	1
the	1
video.	1
When	1
people	1
spoke	1
to	1
me	1
it	1
came	1
in	1
clear	1
and	1
without	1
static.	1
I	1
assume	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
reason	1
that	1
may	1
disrrupt	1
or	1
stop	1
your	1
calling.In	1
brief,	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
phone.	1
Nice	1
idea	1
but	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
Sprint	1
=	1
NeandrathalSprint	1
how	1
stupid	1
can	1
you	1
get?	1
I	1
attempted	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
connect	1
my	1
SCH-U740	1
to	1
my	1
Mac	1
and	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
register.	1
Buy	1
ONLY	1
Plantronics	1
Bluetooth	1
Products!!.	1
Does	1
exactly	1
what	1
it	1
claims	1
to	1
do..	1
Does	1
exactly	1
what	1
it	1
says	1
it	1
does,	1
adds	1
a	1
layer	1
of	1
protection	1
to	1
the	1
blackberry	1
pearl.	1
Poor	1
weak	1
signal.	1
The	1
USB	1
cable	1
cut	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
with	1
the	1
slightest	1
movement.	1
!I've	1
heard	1
people	1
with	1
concerns	1
over	1
the	1
manual...but	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
set	1
up	1
for	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
features	1
extremely	1
easy.	1
Defective	1
and	1
made	1
in	1
China.	1
So	1
after	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks	1
of	1
this,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
try	1
one	1
more	1
time.	1
So	1
far	1
her's	1
works	1
great.	1
I've	1
had	1
both	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
both	1
headsets	1
replaced	1
and	1
still	1
their	1
is	1
no	1
fixing	1
it.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
uncertain	1
you	1
will	1
keep	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
service,	1
DON'T	1
BUY	1
from	1
Cingular.	1
I	1
returned	1
to	1
the	1
store	1
and	1
exchanged	1
it	1
for	1
another	1
one.	1
Eforcity	1
Wall	1
AC	1
Travel	1
Charger	1
for	1
Kyocera	1
K612	1
Strobe	1
/	1
KX21	1
Switchback	1
/	1
Dorado	1
KX13	1
/	1
Candid	1
KX16	1
/	1
Xcursion	1
KX160.	1
I	1
superglued	1
it	1
back	1
in	1
place.	1
My	1
phone	1
now	1
actually	1
stays	1
charged	1
for	1
a	1
week	1
instead	1
of	1
one	1
day.	1
After	1
giving	1
them	1
my	1
email	1
and	1
home	1
number,	1
and	1
waiting	1
about	1
20	1
minutes	1
on	1
hold,	1
the	1
sum	1
total	1
of	1
"tech	1
support"	1
was	1
"return	1
it."	1
Quite	1
Nice.	1
Plantronics	1
CS70N/HL10	1
&	1
Lifter.	1
Luckily	1
my	1
phone	1
didn't	1
break.	1
This	1
headset	1
failed	1
to	1
work	1
after	1
8	1
weeks	1
from	1
the	1
date	1
of	1
my	1
purchase.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
never	1
let	1
me	1
down	1
and	1
has	1
been	1
dunked,	1
dropped,	1
sweated	1
on,	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone.	1
Very	1
annoying.You	1
also	1
must	1
pay	1
an	1
additional	1
$20	1
per	1
month	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
browse	1
the	1
Internet,	1
use	1
Instant	1
Messaging,	1
or	1
even	1
Download	1
Fun.	1
I	1
'm	1
not	1
even	1
sure	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
correct	1
headset	1
without	1
the	1
box.	1
I'm	1
glad	1
that	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
It	1
fits	1
perfectly	1
in	1
my	1
handbag	1
or	1
clutch.	1
It	1
is	1
too	1
loose	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
falls	1
to	1
the	1
ground	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Tons	1
of	1
dropped	1
calls.	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
WEP200	1
and	1
purchased	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Explorer	1
340	1
instead.	1
THIS	1
ITEM	1
DOESNT	1
WORK	1
FOR	1
THE	1
LG	1
VX6100	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
wife's	1
3035.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
adjust	1
and	1
my	1
fiends	1
on	1
the	1
receiving	1
end	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
voice	1
quality.	1
Either	1
way,	1
this	1
is	1
still	1
a	1
great	1
case!	1
They	1
offered	1
to	1
cancel	1
it	1
now	1
but	1
said	1
that	1
since	1
"they	1
had	1
no	1
record	1
of	1
my	1
previous	1
email	1
there	1
was	1
nothing	1
they	1
could	1
do	1
about	1
those	1
funds.	1
For	1
thirty	1
dollars	1
Nokia	1
could	1
design	1
something	1
better.The	1
Jabra	1
one	1
I	1
own	1
seems	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
sturdy,	1
and	1
costs	1
less	1
to	1
replace	1
(if	1
it	1
breaks).	1
Avoid	1
at	1
all	1
costs--piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
It	1
works	1
fine.	1
when	1
u	1
are	1
dropping	1
files	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
ur	1
computer,	1
its	1
hard	1
to	1
know	1
where	1
to	1
put	1
them	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
access	1
them	1
later.	1
Very	1
comfortable.	1
Great	1
product.	1
But	1
that's	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
price	1
without	1
the	1
ballpoint.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
easily	1
impressed	1
by	1
most	1
things.	1
THEY	1
FLATTERED	1
A	1
CASE	1
AND	1
A	1
SHIPPER	1
TO	1
ME	1
FOR	1
VEHICLE.	1
3	1
Samsung	1
X427's,	1
none	1
working	1
properly	1
(or	1
at	1
all)	1
after	1
a	1
year.	1
Once	1
getting	1
this	1
$100	1
card,	1
ANY	1
new	1
card	1
will	1
give	1
you	1
another	1
year	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
minutes,	1
since	1
you	1
become	1
a	1
gold	1
rewards	1
member.	1
Received	1
mine	1
from	1
Tiger	1
Direct	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
week	1
with	1
normal	1
mailing.	1
This	1
item	1
was	1
in	1
the	1
review	1
and	1
said	1
it	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
Dell	1
Streak	1
cell	1
phone.	1
And	1
it	1
works	1
with	1
both	1
Skype	1
and	1
the	1
Gizmo	1
Project.	1
The	1
transmission	1
of	1
my	1
voice	1
was	1
drowned	1
out	1
by	1
the	1
television	1
which	1
was	1
actually	1
amplified	1
over	1
the	1
sound	1
of	1
my	1
own	1
voice.	1
Volume	1
button	1
at	1
an	1
uncomfortable	1
position.	1
If	1
you	1
do	1
decide	1
to	1
purchase	1
this	1
product	1
I	1
would	1
immediately	1
glue	1
them	1
in	1
place.	1
Good	1
Microwave	1
Popcorn.	1
But	1
design	1
has	1
some	1
defects.	1
Many	1
complaints	1
that	1
people	1
cannot	1
hear	1
me	1
with	1
this	1
headsetJabra	1
BT5020	1
Executive	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
The	1
2nd	1
one	1
has	1
also	1
lasted	1
about	1
6	1
months	1
before	1
I	1
got	1
really	1
frustrated.	1
I	1
don't	1
feel	1
there	1
is	1
any	1
problem	1
with	1
Navigation	1
with	1
menu	1
as	1
described	1
by	1
other	1
users.5.	1
Nice	1
Headset.	1
I	1
used	1
this	1
earpiece	1
for	1
5	1
years.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
about	1
18	1
months	1
ago	1
was	1
happy	1
with	1
it	1
until	1
about	1
3	1
months	1
ago	1
when	1
it	1
began	1
to	1
cut	1
out	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
sound.	1
Purchased	1
for	1
use	1
with	1
a	1
Traveler	1
Cooler/Warmer	1
I	1
purchased.	1
The	1
company	1
only	1
warrants	1
replacement	1
phones	1
for	1
3	1
months	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
this	1
one	1
for	1
5.	1
The	1
over	1
the	1
ear	1
clip	1
isn't	1
loose	1
and	1
fits	1
okay.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
2	1
gig	1
micro-SD	1
for	1
it,	1
loaded	1
it	1
with	1
music	1
and	1
photos,	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
find	1
it	1
hard	1
to	1
be	1
separated	1
from	1
it!	1
As	1
good	1
as	1
expected.	1
It	1
looks	1
like	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
used	1
or	1
refurbished.	1
the	1
device	1
paired	1
with	1
my	1
blackberry	1
7100t	1
without	1
problems	1
in	1
about	1
30	1
seconds.	1
As	1
the	1
title	1
of	1
my	1
review	1
says,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
I've	1
ever	1
owned.	1
It	1
is	1
fully	1
charged	1
and	1
clipped	1
to	1
my	1
visor,	1
I	1
have	1
even	1
held	1
the	1
device	1
in	1
my	1
hand.	1
All	1
are	1
about	1
the	1
same	1
in	1
terms	1
of	1
the	1
static.	1
No	1
drivers,	1
it	1
just	1
works.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
this	1
should	1
be	1
the	1
one	1
you	1
consider.	1
The	1
Voyager	1
510	1
has	1
the	1
best	1
sound	1
by	1
far,	1
is	1
comfortable	1
for	1
all-day	1
wear,	1
and	1
was	1
half	1
the	1
cost	1
of	1
my	1
Jabra	1
500.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
item	1
for	1
the	1
price!	1
No	1
biggie,	1
just	1
thought	1
that	1
you	1
should	1
know.	1
After	1
a	1
few	1
times	1
of	1
getting	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
car	1
my	1
phone	1
stated	1
popping	1
off	1
the	1
clip,	1
and	1
once	1
it	1
fell	1
in	1
the	1
water.	1
The	1
thing	1
that	1
makes	1
this	1
particular	1
phone	1
unique	1
and	1
very	1
user	1
friendly	1
is	1
it's	1
texting	1
ability.	1
Lastly,	1
the	1
unit	1
has	1
a	1
fast	1
charger.	1
The	1
clasp	1
is	1
magnetic	1
and	1
barely	1
feels	1
strong	1
enough	1
to	1
hold	1
itself	1
in	1
place.	1
It	1
didn't	1
work	1
too.	1
Also,	1
it	1
doesn't	1
fit	1
well	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
because	1
of	1
its	1
big	1
pack.	1
Tested	1
with	1
Sony	1
earbuds	1
and	1
a	1
car	1
3.5	1
input.	1
Won't	1
stay	1
plugged	1
in.	1
Item	1
works	1
very	1
well!.	1
only	1
one	1
problem	1
the	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
horrible,	1
dies	1
in	1
about	1
one	1
day.	1
Bought	1
this	1
to	1
use	1
on	1
a	1
road	1
trip	1
with	1
a	1
6	1
year-old.	1
where	1
is	1
it???.	1
Also,	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
times	1
you	1
just	1
lose	1
the	1
network	1
and	1
have	1
to	1
manually	1
select	1
the	1
network.A	1
phone's	1
main	1
functionality	1
is	1
talking.	1
The	1
noise	1
mitigating	1
technology	1
is	1
great.	1
I	1
originally	1
got	1
this	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
upload	1
photos	1
from	1
my	1
camera	1
to	1
my	1
computer.	1
A	1
third	1
person	1
apologizes	1
and	1
adds	1
that	1
they	1
will	1
be	1
sending	1
you	1
an	1
additional	1
bill.	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
was	1
having	1
dropped	1
calls	1
when	1
I	1
realized	1
my	1
phone	1
would	1
just	1
shut	1
off	1
(and	1
no	1
I	1
didn't	1
hit	1
the	1
power	1
button).	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
puting	1
my	1
old	1
battery	1
back	1
in.	1
Having	1
problem	1
pairing	1
it	1
with	1
Sanyo	1
M1(Sprint).	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
packages	1
almost	1
three	1
months	1
ago.	1
or	1
for	1
a	1
friend.	1
Boy	1
was	1
I	1
wrong.	1
To	1
make	1
a	1
call	1
over	1
five	1
minutes	1
long	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
keep	1
it	1
plugged	1
in,	1
which	1
defeats	1
the	1
purpose	1
of	1
having	1
a	1
mobile	1
phone.	1
Friends	1
with	1
other	1
phones	1
have	1
much	1
better	1
cameras	1
(LG's,	1
Razr,	1
etc..)*You	1
cannot	1
save	1
text	1
messages	1
that	1
you	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
process	1
of	1
writing.	1
After	1
looking	1
around	1
for	1
a	1
credit	1
card	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
iphone	1
4,	1
i	1
ended	1
up	1
purchasing	1
this	1
one.	1
Some	1
scratches	1
in	1
the	1
body	1
and	1
screen.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
T509	1
-	1
Wonderful	1
phone.	1
Just	1
buy	1
a	1
better	1
thicker	1
one	1
to	1
protect	1
your	1
phone.	1
Microphone	1
works	1
well	1
to	1
filter	1
out	1
wind	1
and	1
road	1
noise.All	1
in	1
all	1
this	1
unit	1
was	1
a	1
very	1
good	1
value	1
and	1
I	1
would	1
buy	1
this	1
again.	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
good	1
at	1
everything	1
but	1
being	1
a	1
phone.	1
Rather	1
than	1
bother	1
with	1
shipping	1
it	1
back,	1
we're	1
passing	1
it	1
around	1
the	1
family	1
to	1
see	1
who	1
can	1
get	1
good	1
use	1
of	1
it.	1
i	1
really	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
cheaply	1
made	1
and	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
Well	1
after	1
wasting	1
hours	1
of	1
time	1
and	1
getting	1
spotty	1
results	1
(at	1
best)	1
I	1
gave	1
up.	1
Seller	1
is	1
very	1
accomodating.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
trust	1
myself	1
to	1
remember	1
and	1
I	1
recommend	1
you	1
don't	1
trust	1
your	1
$800	1
Smartphone	1
to	1
it.So	1
me?	1
But	1
I	1
carry	1
it	1
in	1
a	1
hard	1
case	1
so	1
it's	1
holding	1
up	1
nicely	1
and	1
still	1
looks	1
great.	1
People	1
can	1
never	1
hear	1
you	1
because	1
you.	1
Great	1
Combo!.	1
Never	1
needed	1
any	1
help.	1
It's	1
not	1
even	1
worth	1
it	1
if	1
it	1
were	1
free.	1
Great	1
value.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
music.	1
At	1
first,	1
it	1
seems	1
like	1
the	1
fit	1
is	1
perfect...	1
then	1
after	1
about	1
15-20	1
min.	1
My	1
other	1
issue	1
was	1
that	1
I	1
e-mailed	1
the	1
seller	1
several	1
different	1
times	1
about	1
the	1
shipping.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
Blackberry	1
8130.	1
OK	1
FOR	1
THE	1
PRICE.	1
It	1
was	1
great	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
8	1
months.	1
love	1
this	1
headset	1
had	1
several	1
have	1
been	1
most	1
pleased	1
with	1
this	1
one	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
improvement	1
on	1
easy	1
installation;	1
but	1
manually	1
turn	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
is	1
a	1
pain.	1
Before	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
go	1
outside	1
to	1
talk	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
do	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
item.	1
Poor	1
quality	1
and	1
wrong	1
size..	1
I	1
attempted	1
to	1
purchase	1
a	1
holster	1
for	1
my	1
iPhone.	1
It's	1
small	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
put	1
in	1
a	1
pocket	1
or	1
purse,	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
convenient.	1
awesome!!!!!.	1
With	1
this	1
battery,	1
it'll	1
last	1
me	1
through	1
the	1
day	1
if	1
i'm	1
using	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
got	1
two	1
boxes	1
(the	1
one	1
I	1
ordered	1
and	1
a	1
reship)	1
and	1
none	1
of	1
the	1
batteries	1
were	1
for	1
the	1
Audiovox	1
8920,	1
instead	1
they	1
were	1
for	1
another	1
model.	1
You	1
can	1
hear	1
that	1
the	1
device	1
is	1
being	1
overdriven	1
and	1
much	1
of	1
the	1
sound	1
at	1
certain	1
frequencies	1
is	1
simply	1
lost.	1
The	1
only	1
redeeming	1
feature	1
was	1
the	1
Bluetooth,	1
and	1
it	1
still	1
did	1
not	1
sync	1
correctly	1
with	1
Macs	1
without	1
additional	1
software.	1
the	1
only	1
drawback	1
is	1
when	1
you	1
take	1
the	1
case	1
off	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
be	1
very	1
careful	1
or	1
the	1
little	1
tabs	1
that	1
hold	1
them	1
together	1
will	1
break	1
off.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
on	1
for	1
2	1
days	1
straight	1
and	1
it	1
still	1
had	1
a	1
full	1
charge.	1
My	1
friends	1
cannot	1
even	1
tell	1
that	1
I'm	1
calling	1
over	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
can	1
live	1
with	1
that	1
shortcoming.	1
it	1
makes	1
it	1
difficult	1
to	1
answer	1
incoming	1
calls	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
off.	1
(Although	1
I	1
never	1
heard	1
it	1
myself,	1
my	1
callers	1
sometimes	1
experienced	1
echo;	1
overall	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
mediocre	1
besides	1
that.)5.	1
Other	1
clip	1
on	1
type	1
of	1
phone	1
covers:I	1
have	1
been	1
buying	1
the	1
lousy	1
molded	1
plastic	1
covers	1
at	1
my	1
local	1
phone	1
store	1
for	1
my	1
Razr	1
at	1
about	1
10	1
bucks	1
a	1
pop.	1
This	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
best	1
so	1
far,	1
it	1
is	1
really	1
clear	1
and	1
the	1
static	1
is	1
low,	1
you	1
can	1
hear	1
a	1
pin	1
drop	1
with	1
this	1
mic.	1
This	1
item	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
great	1
headset	1
if	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
reception	1
was	1
not	1
so	1
abysmal.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
this	1
model	1
for	1
two	1
years	1
now.	1
I	1
put	1
a	1
sponge	1
cover	1
on	1
it	1
from	1
a	1
pair	1
of	1
earbuds	1
-	1
Motorola	1
might	1
consider	1
including	1
in	1
the	1
future.	1
In	1
the	1
end	1
they	1
decided	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
for	1
me.	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
o	1
got	1
had	1
problems	1
picking	1
up	1
a	1
signal	1
in	1
certain	1
areas.	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
HotSync	1
to	1
Linux.	1
I	1
too	1
purchased	1
a	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
it	1
came	1
brand	1
new	1
in	1
the	1
original	1
packaging	1
at	1
a	1
fraction	1
of	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
elsewhere.	1
The	1
battery	1
I	1
recieved	1
had	1
no	1
more	1
life	1
than	1
the	1
battery	1
it	1
replaced!	1
This	1
was	1
everything	1
I	1
would	1
want	1
in	1
a	1
phone	1
holder.	1
A	1
must	1
have	1
for	1
anyone	1
that	1
wants	1
a	1
quality	1
stylus	1
for	1
their	1
Zaurus.	1
I	1
will	1
never	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
this	1
seller	1
again.	1
I	1
tried	1
another	1
one	1
a	1
few	1
years	1
ago	1
and	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
this	1
case	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
great.	1
I've	1
been	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
them	1
to	1
drop	1
the	1
overage	1
charges	1
but	1
they	1
say	1
it	1
is	1
my	1
fault	1
for	1
chabging	1
my	1
plan.	1
This	1
seems	1
more	1
temperamental	1
than	1
I	1
initially	1
thought.	1
he	1
had	1
a	1
clip	1
one	1
that	1
kept	1
falling	1
off.	1
After	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
hours	1
trying	1
to	1
pair	1
the	1
devices	1
and	1
constant	1
googling	1
I	1
was	1
sad	1
that	1
such	1
a	1
potential	1
addition	1
to	1
the	1
N800	1
would	1
just	1
not	1
work.	1
Great	1
All	1
Around	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
Truly	1
a	1
product	1
designed	1
with	1
the	1
customer's	1
happiness	1
in	1
mind.	1
PC	1
sees	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
connected	1
with	1
no	1
problem!	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good.	1
This	1
arrived	1
looking	1
used,	1
and	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.For	1
the	1
few	1
bucks	1
I	1
paid,	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
trouble	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
time	1
I	1
have	1
ordered	1
'Plantronics	1
MX150	1
Flexible	1
Boom	1
Headset	1
with	1
2.5	1
mm	1
Plug'.	1
In	1
my	1
opinion	1
buying	1
this	1
FM	1
transmitter	1
is	1
a	1
gamble.	1
The	1
clerk	1
stated	1
that	1
this	1
problem	1
in	1
not	1
uncommon.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
time,	1
the	1
service	1
will	1
not	1
recognize	1
my	1
card	1
number	1
if	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
on.	1
as	1
the	1
title	1
said,	1
I	1
am	1
interested	1
in	1
getting	1
this	1
cool	1
phone	1
but	1
i	1
would	1
like	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
same	1
no.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
cable	1
because	1
I	1
was	1
interested	1
in	1
wireless	1
internet	1
connection.	1
Very	1
Pleased.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
stays	1
put	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
notches	1
kinda	1
design,	1
not	1
freewheeling	1
like	1
a	1
monkey	1
dangling	1
by	1
the	1
rope.5.	1
Cheap	1
stuff	1
that	1
works	1
well;	1
listen	1
to	1
MP3s	1
from	1
a	1
TX	1
using	1
Audio	1
Gateway.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
my	1
new	1
graphite	1
Visor	1
Platnium	1
for	1
two	1
days	1
now.	1
Also,	1
they	1
now	1
come	1
will	1
phone	1
capability,	1
which	1
worked	1
beautifully!	1
However,	1
this	1
product	1
has	1
enough	1
flaws	1
in	1
its	1
design	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
unacceptable	1
for	1
any	1
phone.Bottom	1
line	1
on	1
the	1
Nokia	1
HS-11W	1
But	1
it	1
is	1
sturdy	1
and	1
the	1
attractive.	1
I	1
hope	1
this	1
review	1
helps	1
you	1
make	1
your	1
best	1
decision.	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
is	1
not	1
with	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
with	1
T-Mobile.	1
OK	1
but	1
not	1
perfect.	1
Motorola	1
has	1
not	1
updated	1
the	1
software	1
in-beded	1
into	1
the	1
phone.	1
So	1
I	1
called	1
Verizon	1
and	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
to	1
call	1
Motorola.	1
The	1
little	1
green	1
SE	1
logo	1
and	1
embossing	1
of	1
the	1
company	1
name	1
is	1
also	1
nice	1
if	1
your	1
an	1
accessory	1
flasher	1
like	1
me	1
and	1
want	1
the	1
high	1
end,	1
name	1
brand	1
stuff.	1
Looks	1
cool	1
but........	1
When	1
I	1
saw	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
store,	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
cool.	1
What	1
a	1
CROCK!!!!	1
This	1
wireless	1
headset	1
exceeded	1
my	1
expectations	1
after	1
having	1
tried	1
several	1
others.	1
Palm	1
Treo	1
Cover.	1
What	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
time!	1
The	1
swirl	1
design	1
on	1
the	1
back	1
looks	1
nice	1
and	1
upscale	1
-	1
not	1
cheesy.	1
This	1
can	1
often	1
be	1
the	1
fault	1
of	1
the	1
phone's	1
Bluetooth	1
implementation,	1
not	1
just	1
the	1
headset.	1
It's	1
not	1
like	1
you	1
can	1
toss	1
your	1
regular	1
camera,	1
but	1
you'll	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
camera.	1
cable	1
works,	1
software	1
does	1
not.	1
are	1
NOT	1
Java	1
anyway)	1
.	1
The	1
customer	1
service	1
for	1
Amazon	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
help	1
for	1
any	1
question	1
that	1
I	1
had.	1
(sanyo	1
M1).	1
Excellent	1
product!.	1
Good	1
headset.	1
Thanks	1
to	1
Amazon	1
for	1
having	1
such	1
hard	1
to	1
get	1
items	1
like	1
this	1
brand	1
new	1
in	1
package.	1
.it	1
was	1
very	1
inexpensive,	1
so	1
I	1
didn't	1
say	1
anything	1
until	1
now.	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W300i.	1
Great	1
Gadget	1
that	1
has	1
more	1
functionality	1
that	1
the	1
iPhone.	1
Shipping	1
sucks.	1
Do	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
buy	1
Cingular	1
phones	1
that	1
Cingular	1
will	1
not	1
stand	1
by?4.	1
Two	1
years	1
ago,I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
at	1
$1.99	1
each	1
and	1
couldn't	1
be	1
more	1
pleased.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Motorola	1
bluetooth	1
HS850.	1
Easy	1
to	1
use	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
but	1
must	1
be	1
charged	1
daily.	1
damaged	1
the	1
battery.	1
Either	1
the	1
party	1
I	1
am	1
speaking	1
to	1
complains	1
that	1
I	1
am	1
'breaking	1
up'	1
or	1
I	1
have	1
trouble	1
hearing	1
them	1
because	1
they	1
are	1
breaking	1
up.	1
And	1
I	1
was	1
given	1
simply	1
incorrect	1
information	1
which	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
wade	1
through	1
with	1
more	1
calls	1
even	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
it	1
was	1
incorrect.	1
As	1
other	1
reviewers	1
have	1
noted,	1
the	1
flexiskin	1
does	1
fit	1
well	1
on	1
the	1
Creative	1
Zen	1
Sleek	1
player,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
waaay	1
overpriced.	1
I	1
see	1
it	1
on	1
her	1
phone	1
and	1
she	1
says	1
she	1
is	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
mine	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
month,	1
and	1
the	1
top	1
flap	1
does	1
not	1
crease	1
and	1
split	1
after	1
repeated	1
opening	1
like	1
some	1
other	1
cases.	1
I	1
will	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
service.	1
I	1
hear	1
people	1
complain	1
about	1
their	1
contract	1
length	1
but	1
I	1
guess	1
it	1
all	1
depends	1
on	1
your	1
perspective.	1
It	1
was	1
even	1
worse	1
than	1
my	1
burnt	1
out	1
original	1
battery.	1
The	1
sync	1
function	1
is	1
fast	1
and	1
doesn't	1
get	1
interrupted	1
like	1
it	1
does	1
on	1
my	1
original	1
cable.	1
However,	1
in	1
the	1
footnote	1
section	1
of	1
the	1
same	1
page,	1
there	1
is	1
"(Unlimited)No	1
domestic	1
roaming	1
charges"	1
Do	1
they	1
have	1
roaming	1
charge	1
or	1
not??	1
A	1
couple	1
of	1
freezes	1
here	1
and	1
there,	1
but	1
nothing	1
that	1
a	1
battery	1
removal	1
can't	1
help.	1
In	1
the	1
transparent	1
plastic	1
face	1
is	1
a	1
round	1
hole,	1
which	1
I	1
can	1
do	1
without,	1
that	1
can	1
permit	1
the	1
entrance	1
of	1
dust,	1
water	1
and	1
other	1
foreign	1
matter.	1
It	1
also	1
rotates,	1
locking	1
into	1
different	1
positions	1
with	1
a	1
solid	1
click.	1
I	1
like	1
to	1
keep	1
in	1
touch	1
with	1
friends,	1
family	1
and	1
my	1
new	1
set	1
of	1
friends.	1
Works	1
as	1
billed	1
.	1
Both	1
phones	1
dropped	1
calls,	1
had	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
static	1
and	1
echoed.	1
Unfortunately,	1
the	1
snap,	1
which	1
is	1
used	1
to	1
secure	1
the	1
pouch	1
in	1
place	1
on	1
your	1
belt,	1
broke	1
after	1
two	1
days	1
of	1
wearing	1
it.	1
With	1
the	1
wiring	1
broken,	1
the	1
headphones	1
are	1
now	1
totally	1
useless.	1
horrible	1
headset...don't	1
buy.	1
I	1
guess	1
these	1
aren't	1
for	1
everyone!	1
So	1
i	1
did.....still	1
dont	1
have	1
the	1
product	1
and	1
i	1
still	1
didnt	1
get	1
my	1
money	1
back!!!	1
It	1
was	1
defective	1
right	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
box.	1
When	1
you	1
are	1
driving	1
it	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
push	1
it	1
in	1
and	1
hold	1
it	1
without	1
making	1
the	1
volume	1
go	1
up	1
or	1
down.	1
Customer	1
service	1
???	1
The	1
bottom	1
line	1
is	1
the	1
BT250V	1
is	1
a	1
total	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
and	1
it	1
looks	1
like	1
I	1
will	1
take	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
chin	1
for	1
dealing	1
with	1
Amazon	1
and	1
JoWow.	1
Good	1
luck'	1
for	1
those	1
deceived	1
by	1
'good	1
looks'.mp	1
Don't	1
know	1
about	1
V170/1	1
This	1
was	1
on	1
icing	1
on	1
the	1
cake	1
after	1
2	1
years	1
of	1
absolutely	1
amazingy	1
bad	1
service	1
from	1
nextel.	1
This	1
works	1
fine,	1
but	1
not	1
really	1
worth	1
it	1
for	1
just	1
a	1
few	1
pics.	1
I	1
will	1
add	1
that	1
I	1
replaced	1
the	1
Sirius	1
earphones	1
with	1
Ultimate	1
Ears	1
Super.fi	1
5	1
Pro	1
Earphones	1
and	1
WOW	1
what	1
a	1
difference!	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
little	1
concerned,	1
given	1
its	1
sensitive	1
roll	1
and	1
touch,	1
if	1
it	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
last	1
the	1
2-year	1
contract	1
period.	1
You	1
won't	1
mind	1
observing	1
the	1
hands	1
free	1
law	1
with	1
this	1
item!	1
Pretty	1
decent	1
phone,	1
a	1
few	1
flaws.	1
Overall,	1
I'd	1
say	1
this	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
worst	1
consumer	1
electronics	1
products	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
purchased.	1
After	1
all	1
the	1
hype	1
I	1
had	1
heard	1
about	1
this	1
phone,	1
I	1
was	1
disappointed	1
when	1
I	1
got	1
it.	1
I'm	1
taking	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
it's	1
the	1
phone	1
or	1
the	1
headset.	1
verizon	1
girl.	1
It	1
works	1
great!	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
May	1
of	1
2003.	1
I	1
used	1
this	1
over	1
this	1
weekend	1
and	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
it	1
was	1
crackly	1
and	1
awful.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
after	1
I	1
read	1
the	1
Consumers	1
Report	1
recommendation.	1
Jabra	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
a	1
repair	1
service..	1
Guess	1
what?	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
thrown	1
in	1
my	1
purse	1
getting	1
ruined.	1
A	1
little	1
bulky,	1
but	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
overcompensates	1
generally.	1
Misrepresentation	1
of	1
Features.	1
I	1
plan	1
to	1
cancel	1
all	1
Verizon	1
services	1
now.	1
This	1
happened	1
according	1
to	1
plan...however,	1
when	1
I	1
started	1
the	1
process	1
to	1
port	1
my	1
number	1
from	1
a	1
Cingular	1
wireless	1
phone,	1
the	1
nightmare	1
began.	1
I	1
watched	1
the	1
lights	1
flicker	1
as	1
they	1
should	1
for	1
my	1
"band"	1
and	1
I	1
saw	1
a	1
minimal	1
improvement	1
when	1
right	1
next	1
to	1
the	1
box.	1
V3xx	1
Motorola	1
Razr.	1
Luckily	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
repair	1
my	1
phone	1
by	1
myself.	1
These	1
were	1
recommended	1
for	1
use	1
on	1
my	1
Jawbone	1
hands-free	1
headset,	1
and	1
they	1
work	1
great.	1
Fortunately	1
we	1
found	1
another	1
charger	1
that	1
fits	1
without	1
an	1
issue.	1
I	1
hear	1
nothing.	1
If	1
the	1
clip	1
were	1
much	1
smaller	1
it	1
could	1
break	1
more	1
easily.	1
At	1
first	1
it	1
looked	1
like	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
rather	1
comfortable	1
and	1
work	1
great.	1
This	1
product	1
has	1
not	1
worked	1
for	1
me	1
as	1
no	1
one	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
well	1
at	1
all.	1
This'll	1
get	1
you	1
charged	1
up!.	1
Nothing	1
I	1
expected.	1
Received	1
Battery	1
very	1
quickly.	1
Overall,	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
this	1
phone	1
provided	1
good	1
features	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
I	1
bought	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
and	1
both	1
fell	1
apart	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
year.	1
THANKS	1
AMAZON	1
YOU	1
SAVED	1
ME	1
MONEY.	1
They	1
sound	1
great	1
but	1
lack	1
on	1
bass.	1
This	1
is	1
just	1
an	1
early	1
review...feel	1
free	1
to	1
email	1
me	1
later	1
for	1
an	1
update.	1
As	1
good	1
as	1
Spiderpodium	1
for	1
half	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
Motorola	1
i870	1
Nextel	1
phone.	1
This	1
is	1
easily	1
the	1
best	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
used,	1
much	1
more	1
physically	1
accomodating	1
than	1
any	1
others	1
(flip	1
or	1
non-flip).	1
All	1
around	1
good..	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
product	1
fast;	1
the	1
first	1
day	1
that	1
amazon	1
said	1
that	1
i	1
would.	1
Have	1
to	1
reset	1
once	1
in	1
a	1
while.	1
It	1
works	1
great	1
and	1
I	1
bought	1
2	1
more	1
for	1
other	1
devices	1
that	1
I	1
use.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
more	1
like	1
a	1
walkie	1
talkie.	1
I	1
found	1
it	1
be	1
a	1
tad	1
less	1
receptive	1
than	1
my	1
older	1
Nokia	1
6101.	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
wait	1
for	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
get	1
to	1
them,	1
and	1
them	1
for	1
my	1
new	1
phone	1
to	1
be	1
sent	1
back	1
to	1
me.	1
Works	1
fine	1
so	1
far.	1
First,	1
you	1
can't	1
do	1
to	1
much	1
customization	1
to	1
it	1
or	1
it	1
will	1
shut	1
off.	1
I	1
actually	1
gave	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
friend	1
who	1
has	1
a	1
Treo	1
650	1
and	1
uses	1
a	1
ring	1
tone.	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
excited	1
about	1
bluetooth	1
as	1
being	1
hands	1
free	1
is	1
great	1
when	1
multi-tasking.	1
You	1
cannot	1
use	1
this	1
device	1
while	1
it	1
is	1
charging.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
to	1
go	1
with	1
my	1
new	1
Savi	1
headset.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
it	1
to	1
anyone	1
unless	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
go	1
crazy	1
from	1
that	1
noice	1
It	1
was	1
so	1
simple	1
to	1
just	1
pick	1
my	1
plan	1
and	1
phone	1
and	1
wait	1
two	1
days!	1
No	1
problem	1
linking	1
to	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Curve.	1
There	1
is	1
no	1
"hissing"	1
or	1
any	1
back	1
round	1
noise.	1
This	1
headset	1
takes	1
care	1
of	1
that	1
problem.	1
So	1
I	1
handled	1
them	1
with	1
extreme	1
caution.	1
It	1
still	1
says	1
AT&T;	1
every	1
time	1
you	1
turn	1
it	1
on,	1
in	1
the	1
menu,	1
and	1
on	1
the	1
battery	1
cover.2.	1
Unfortunately,	1
I	1
did	1
try	1
and	1
take	1
the	1
front	1
off	1
to	1
show	1
someone	1
and	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
little	1
edge	1
clips	1
broke.	1
Samsung	1
doesn't	1
offer	1
loaner	1
phone	1
while	1
your	1
phone	1
is	1
sent	1
into	1
for	1
repairPro:1.	1
Obtained	1
through	1
Amazon	1
in	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
days	1
and	1
the	1
earbud	1
is	1
working	1
perfectly!	1
Thank	1
you	1
Amazon	1
for	1
giving	1
me	1
a	1
great	1
deal.	1
I	1
mean	1
I	1
travel	1
I	1
work	1
I	1
talk	1
I	1
download	1
text	1
and	1
my	1
planner	1
OMG	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
lost	1
without	1
a	1
GREAT	1
phone!	1
The	1
battery	1
holds	1
the	1
charge	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
period	1
of	1
time	1
(at	1
least	1
while	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
still	1
new)	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
looks	1
sleek.	1
Cell	1
phone	1
holder.	1
Do	1
you	1
own	1
a	1
PS3?	1
ME	1
OBSEQUIARON	1
UN	1
ESTUCHE	1
Y	1
UN	1
CARGADOR	1
PARA	1
VEHICULO.	1
Got	1
a	1
RAZR...Get	1
a	1
headset.	1
Left	1
it	1
alone	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
and	1
tried	1
it	1
again,	1
but	1
it	1
still	1
sucks.	1
Also,	1
the	1
rubber	1
earpiece	1
ripped	1
and	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
find	1
a	1
replacement,	1
rendering	1
it	1
unusable.	1
I	1
almost	1
totally	1
hate	1
it.	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
replacement	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
Nokia	1
6205	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
cell	1
phone	1
belt	1
clips	1
and	1
pager	1
clips	1
which	1
have	1
never	1
come	1
off,	1
I	1
feel	1
as	1
if	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
design	1
flaw	1
or	1
perchance	1
a	1
fluke.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
music	1
on	1
the	1
Pearl	1
8100.	1
I	1
travel	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
US	1
in	1
my	1
job	1
and	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
everywhere.	1
The	1
case	1
fit	1
my	1
Razr	1
V3M	1
perfectly,	1
just	1
snap	1
it	1
on.	1
There	1
are	1
many	1
good	1
reviews	1
on	1
8525	1
positive	1
features	1
and	1
most	1
are	1
fairly	1
accurate.	1
Didn't	1
work.	1
The	1
side	1
button	1
will	1
control	1
the	1
speaker	1
volume	1
when	1
you	1
are	1
talking	1
on	1
the	1
phone.4.	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
phone	1
for	1
my	1
life!	1
Screen	1
unusable	1
after	1
1	1
year	1
and	1
4	1
months.	1
The	1
Treo	1
has	1
less	1
memory	1
but	1
runs	1
much	1
faster	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
better	1
optimized,	1
and	1
more	1
importantly,	1
has	1
a	1
touch	1
screen.	1
I	1
can't	1
keep	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
jean	1
pocket	1
and	1
the	1
earbuds	1
on	1
because	1
its	1
constantly	1
yanking	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
The	1
sounds	1
are	1
loud,	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
loud,	1
but	1
the	1
speaker	1
in	1
normal	1
talk	1
mode	1
is	1
very	1
quiet	1
and	1
impossible	1
to	1
hear	1
in	1
a	1
semi	1
loud	1
room.	1
If	1
they	1
had	1
used	1
a	1
mini	1
usb	1
port,	1
it	1
would	1
ahve	1
made	1
life	1
simpler.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
KRZR	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
fit.	1
hate	1
it	1
hate	1
it	1
hate	1
it	1
hate	1
it	1
hate	1
it	1
hate	1
it	1
hate	1
it	1
hate.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
a	1
generic	1
charger	1
for	1
a	1
motorola	1
phone.	1
Doesn't	1
work...yet.	1
Just	1
overlook	1
all	1
of	1
those	1
5-star	1
reviews	1
because	1
you	1
would	1
just	1
set	1
yourself	1
up!!!	1
I	1
love	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
cut	1
out	1
inserts	1
for	1
the	1
back	1
faceplate!	1
Includes	1
a	1
wall	1
charger	1
that's	1
very	1
small	1
and	1
worldwide	1
voltage.	1
Over	1
all,	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
bad	1
phone.	1
I	1
just	1
charge	1
it	1
and	1
carry	1
it	1
with	1
me	1
when	1
i	1
travel!	1
i	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
works	1
or	1
not.	1
The	1
phonebook	1
is	1
aweful.	1
It	1
hangs	1
down	1
quite	1
far	1
and	1
the	1
collar	1
of	1
a	1
coat	1
can	1
push	1
on	1
it	1
-	1
making	1
it	1
feel	1
like	1
it's	1
going	1
to	1
fall	1
off	1
of	1
your	1
ear.	1
No	1
problems	1
encountered.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
use	1
for	1
international	1
travel.	1
Not	1
a	1
good	1
buy.	1
But	1
the	1
performance	1
more	1
than	1
makes	1
up	1
for	1
this	1
small	1
shortcoming.	1
If	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
in	1
a	1
busy	1
or	1
loud	1
location,	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
most	1
likely	1
lost.I	1
have	1
to	1
add	1
that	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
abuse	1
these.	1
Palm	1
TX	1
Sync/Charger/Data	1
Cable.	1
For	1
those	1
of	1
us	1
who	1
don't	1
like	1
carrying	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
hardware	1
around,	1
it's	1
a	1
welcome	1
compromise.	1
Also,	1
the	1
behind-the-head	1
design	1
makes	1
it	1
impossible	1
to	1
lie	1
down	1
while	1
using	1
them.	1
The	1
retractable	1
cord	1
did	1
work	1
well	1
though.	1
Allow	1
lots	1
of	1
time	1
for	1
experimenting	1
and	1
contacting	1
support	1
by	1
email	1
and	1
awaiting	1
responses	1
if	1
you're	1
loading	1
it	1
onto	1
a	1
Dell	1
Axim.	1
It	1
arrived	1
earlier	1
than	1
expected.	1
You	1
will	1
need	1
recharge	1
it	1
every	1
night.	1
the	1
hinge	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
faulty.	1
Texting	1
was	1
a	1
pain	1
and	1
with	1
it	1
being	1
a	1
European	1
phone	1
text	1
the	1
number	1
0	1
was	1
not	1
an	1
option.	1
Low	1
battery	1
indicator	1
-	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
know	1
if	1
your	1
headset	1
is	1
getting	1
close	1
to	1
being	1
out	1
of	1
juice.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
great	1
success	1
with	1
every	1
Nokia	1
product	1
I	1
have	1
owned,	1
until	1
this	1
one.Problems:1.	1
Waste	1
of	1
time	1
&	1
money!.	1
Upgrading	1
from	1
Kryocera	1
2255.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
for	1
every	1
Nokia	1
phone!	1
the	1
other	1
thing	1
is	1
the	1
pairing	1
process	1
was	1
very	1
finicky	1
and	1
I	1
repeated	1
it	1
several	1
times	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
unable	1
to	1
answer	1
a	1
call	1
etc.	1
FM	1
radio	1
and	1
tons	1
of	1
features.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
new	1
phone	1
for	1
christmas	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it	1
so	1
much.	1
The	1
charger	1
arrived	1
on	1
time	1
and	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
the	1
charger.	1
I	1
lost	1
mine	1
and	1
I	1
won't	1
be	1
buying	1
this	1
model	1
again.	1
No,	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
price,	1
this	1
will	1
work	1
just	1
fine,	1
especially	1
for	1
my	1
teenage	1
son.	1
{	1
whitch}	1
is	1
my	1
fault.B	1
R	1
K.	1
But	1
all	1
in	1
all,	1
I'm	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
wife	1
-	1
now	1
whe's	1
in	1
love	1
with	1
it.	1
It	1
didn't	1
even	1
last	1
one	1
day.	1
It	1
was	1
throwed	1
in	1
the	1
trash	1
after	1
having	1
it	1
a	1
month.	1
Didn't	1
work	1
for	1
me.	1
for	1
a	1
fill	1
charge,	1
and	1
it	1
goes	1
dead	1
in	1
an	1
hour	1
and	1
a	1
half.	1
It	1
falls	1
apart	1
within	1
a	1
month	1
of	1
use.	1
They	1
both	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
problem.	1
The	1
sanyo	1
katana	1
is	1
an	1
impressive	1
phone	1
for	1
those	1
that	1
want	1
the	1
super	1
thin	1
clamshell	1
of	1
the	1
Motorola	1
RAZR,	1
with	1
the	1
power	1
of	1
sanyo.	1
The	1
security	1
risk	1
is	1
too	1
high.	1
It	1
is	1
virtually	1
impossible	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
a	1
pocket	1
or	1
its	1
clip,	1
without	1
accidently	1
pushing	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
buttons.	1
Bluetooth	1
vs.	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
week	1
but	1
I	1
am	1
extremely	1
pleased	1
with	1
the	1
performance	1
and	1
funcitonality	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
made	1
several	1
phone	1
calls	1
but	1
only	1
got	1
empty	1
promises	1
that	1
money	1
would	1
be	1
returned.	1
So	1
far	1
so	1
good....	1
The	1
battery	1
has	1
been	1
reliable	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
battery	1
online	1
because	1
I	1
couldn't	1
find	1
anything	1
compatible	1
"on	1
the	1
street."	1
Looks	1
like	1
there	1
are	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
companies	1
advertising	1
Treo	1
cases	1
across	1
multiple	1
models	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
not	1
designed	1
for.	1
!Phones	1
are	1
used	1
for	1
Voice	1
communication	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
absolutely	1
essential	1
that	1
this	1
feature	1
works!!	1
Luckily,	1
it	1
still	1
works!	1
Unfortunatley,	1
style	1
cannot	1
compensate	1
for	1
poor	1
performance.	1
I'm	1
going	1
back	1
to	1
Motorola.	1
&	1
THE	1
PHONE	1
WAS	1
FROPED	1
THE	1
ANTENNA	1
WAS	1
BROKEN	1
SO	1
I	1
HATED	1
IT	1
AFTER	1
1	1
YR	1
SO	1
I'M	1
GLAD	1
I'M	1
!GONNA	1
GET!	1
Bluetooth	1
great,	1
just	1
not	1
this	1
product.	1
The	1
V9's	1
2MB	1
quality	1
picture	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
yet.	1
The	1
company	1
was	1
prompt	1
in	1
delivering	1
this	1
product.	1
One	1
caveat.	1
handsfree	1
supertooth	1
II.	1
Uncomfortable	1
with	1
glasses.	1
The	1
phone	1
was	1
still	1
on,	1
but	1
the	1
screen	1
was	1
white.	1
I	1
searched	1
both	1
Skype's	1
and	1
Motorola's	1
websites,	1
and	1
found	1
only	1
basic	1
information	1
on	1
common	1
causes	1
of	1
interference.	1
I	1
say	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
good	1
wireless	1
headset	1
that	1
has	1
top	1
sound	1
quality	1
for	1
music,	1
than	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
headset	1
for	1
you	1
Would	1
have	1
opted	1
for	1
the	1
extended	1
battery	1
even	1
though	1
it	1
will	1
not	1
fit	1
in	1
our	1
existing	1
case.	1
Not	1
much	1
I	1
can	1
say,	1
it's	1
a	1
data	1
cable	1
and	1
it	1
does	1
what	1
it's	1
supposed	1
to.	1
I	1
know	1
it's	1
kinda	1
delecate	1
and	1
it	1
scratches	1
easily,	1
but	1
that's	1
normal	1
wear	1
and	1
tear.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
anyone,	1
with	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
phone	1
clip.	1
Battery	1
does	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
5	1
1/2	1
hours.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
Palm	1
Pilots	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
ever	1
since	1
they	1
came	1
out,	1
so	1
this	1
just	1
"feels"	1
right.3.	1
Doesn't	1
work.	1
Didn't	1
work	1
for	1
me.	1
Unfortunately,	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
did	1
not	1
live	1
up	1
to	1
my	1
expectations.	1
It	1
fits	1
really	1
good	1
and	1
the	1
rubber	1
grip	1
on	1
the	1
sides	1
makes	1
my	1
Note	1
easier	1
to	1
hold.	1
Well	1
worth	1
the	1
price.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
6'	1
cord.	1
),	1
as	1
it	1
supposively	1
works	1
with	1
the	1
3650.	1
I	1
see	1
no	1
reason	1
to	1
pay	1
the	1
big	1
bucks.	1
BUY	1
IT	1
AT	1
YOUR	1
RISK.My	1
money	1
is	1
gone	1
forever,	1
it	1
seems	1
!	1
People	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
well.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
suggest	1
buying	1
this	1
case,	1
it	1
was	1
definitely	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
my	1
money.	1
Good	1
basic	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
get	1
it	1
for	1
free.	1
You	1
can	1
hear	1
it	1
whirring.	1
This	1
one	1
don't	1
work.	1
The	1
headset	1
works	1
great,	1
sometimes	1
it	1
disconnects	1
for	1
a	1
moment	1
and	1
I	1
just	1
press	1
the	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
reconnects.	1
The	1
earhooks	1
can	1
be	1
purchased	1
separately,	1
but	1
at	1
$1-2	1
each,	1
it	1
would	1
cost	1
several	1
hundred	1
dollars	1
a	1
year	1
to	1
keep	1
an	1
earhook	1
on	1
the	1
headset.	1
All	1
good	1
-	1
As	1
advertised.	1
This	1
metal	1
is	1
subject	1
to	1
metal	1
fatigue,	1
and	1
easily	1
breaks.	1
Didn't	1
last	1
long....	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
mid	1
Oct	1
2005	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
died.	1
No	1
such	1
luck	1
I'm	1
afraid.	1
Only	1
ONE	1
thing	1
wrong!!!!!!.	1
I	1
haven't	1
even	1
got	1
the	1
item	1
yet.	1
Good	1
Enough.	1
I	1
looked	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
of	1
my	1
original	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery.	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
wireless	1
internet,	1
text,	1
multimedia,	1
and	1
instant	1
messaging.	1
Hard	1
to	1
get	1
phone	1
to	1
link	1
up	1
to	1
headset.	1
Had	1
problems	1
losing	1
connection	1
at	1
times	1
as	1
well.	1
The	1
only	1
reason	1
I've	1
had	1
two	1
is	1
because	1
my	1
first	1
one	1
got	1
stolen!	1
Thanks	1
a	1
million.	1
Maybe	1
there's	1
some	1
phone	1
it's	1
capable	1
of	1
charging	1
properly,	1
but	1
not	1
the	1
one	1
advertised.n	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
on	1
this	1
dud	1
product.	1
Not	1
even	1
worth	1
$15.	1
T-Mobile	1
is	1
my	1
carrier	1
and	1
had	1
all	1
the	1
info	1
necessary.	1
And	1
if	1
you're	1
an	1
existing	1
t-mobile	1
customer,	1
their	1
are	1
no	1
activation	1
fees.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
actually	1
USE	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
have	1
some	1
extra	1
features	1
look	1
elsewhere.	1
Does	1
not	1
establish	1
solid	1
connection	1
to	1
phone.	1
Just	1
all	1
useful	1
features	1
are	1
blocked,	1
and	1
what	1
is	1
left	1
augmented	1
with	1
something	1
you	1
not	1
gonna	1
use	1
or	1
pay	1
for.	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
genuine	1
one	1
for	1
only	1
$15	1
more	1
than	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
knock-ff.	1
Had	1
some	1
paring	1
issues	1
in	1
the	1
beginning	1
with	1
the	1
feeder	1
that	1
was	1
included	1
but	1
that	1
cleared	1
up.	1
Perhaps	1
the	1
other	1
users	1
got	1
an	1
earlier	1
model.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
one	1
less	1
than	1
six	1
months	1
and	1
have	1
had	1
nothing	1
but	1
problems.	1
Good	1
price,	1
poor	1
buy.	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
camera	1
case.	1
Until	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
iPod	1
Touch	1
which	1
has	1
bluetooth	1
function,	1
I	1
regained	1
the	1
pleasure	1
of	1
listening	1
to	1
this	1
headset.	1
We	1
use	1
these	1
down	1
in	1
Mexico.	1
Works	1
about	1
half	1
the	1
time.	1
Your	1
other	1
choice	1
would	1
be	1
V600	1
or	1
Sidekick	1
2.	1
On	1
checking	1
with	1
USPS	1
they	1
mentioned	1
some	1
mix	1
up	1
at	1
their	1
end	1
resulting	1
in	1
package	1
going	1
back.	1
But	1
only	1
AFTER	1
you've	1
already	1
taken	1
a	1
picture,	1
not	1
before.	1
THE	1
ALARM	1
SUCKS,	1
ITS	1
IMPOSSIBLE	1
TO	1
GET	1
SERVICE	1
ANYWHERE!	1
The	1
speaker	1
is	1
loud	1
and	1
fairly	1
clear,	1
but	1
the	1
earpiece	1
does	1
not	1
fit	1
securely	1
on	1
my	1
ear,	1
which	1
is	1
very	1
frustrating.	1
I	1
spend	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
my	1
talking	1
time	1
on	1
the	1
road	1
so	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
important	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
headset	1
work,	1
so	1
I'm	1
very	1
displeased	1
with	1
my	1
situation.	1
To	1
date,	1
there	1
is	1
only	1
1	1
flaw	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
with	1
the	1
unit.	1
It	1
does	1
Not	1
have	1
a	1
closure	1
on	1
the	1
top	1
so	1
my	1
new	1
bluetooth	1
kept	1
falling	1
out.	1
(Too	1
small?	1
There's	1
not	1
much	1
one	1
can	1
say	1
about	1
a	1
car	1
power	1
adapter	1
for	1
a	1
cell	1
phone.	1
In	1
addition,	1
most	1
new	1
cell	1
phones	1
come	1
with	1
blue	1
tooth	1
devices,	1
and	1
no	1
plug	1
for	1
the	1
etymotics	1
device.	1
No	1
problems	1
connecting	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
Chocolate	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
and	1
functions	1
are	1
fine.	1
Sure	1
enough,	1
buying	1
blind	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
price	1
(in	1
addition	1
to	1
shipping).I	1
have	1
a	1
Samsung	1
E105	1
phone.	1
But	1
if	1
you	1
ignore	1
that	1
it	1
works	1
pretty	1
well	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
and	1
the	1
look	1
is	1
shnazzy	1
too.	1
Don't	1
Buy!.	1
The	1
Treo	1
can	1
do	1
email,	1
play	1
music,	1
videos	1
(e.g.	1
The	1
idea	1
seemed	1
great,	1
but	1
in	1
just	1
a	1
few	1
days,	1
the	1
product	1
stopped	1
charging	1
my	1
phone.	1
the	1
battery	1
has	1
only	1
6-8	1
hours	1
of	1
standby	1
time.	1
That's	1
a	1
great	1
price	1
plus	1
I	1
can	1
re-use	1
my	1
existing	1
battery.	1
Wifi,	1
bluetooth	1
2.0,	1
3G	1
spees,	1
etc.	1
AMAZON's	1
new	1
logo	1
is	1
to	1
become	1
the	1
most	1
customer	1
centric	1
company	1
on	1
earth.	1
The	1
blue	1
tooth	1
wireless	1
ear	1
peice	1
works	1
great	1
too.	1
It	1
may	1
be	1
that	1
my	1
6800	1
is	1
locked,	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
how	1
to	1
tell	1
if	1
it	1
is	1
or	1
not.	1
weak,	1
easily	1
broken.	1
*Drop	1
calls.	1
Nice	1
compact	1
headset,	1
but	1
will	1
not	1
stay	1
coneected	1
to	1
my	1
Treo	1
700P.	1
I	1
purchase	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
headphone	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
music	1
off	1
my	1
motorola	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Unlike	1
the	1
earpiece	1
the	1
speaker-phone	1
is	1
really	1
quiet.-You	1
cannot	1
read	1
the	1
screen	1
in	1
the	1
sun	1
very	1
well.	1
The	1
radio	1
on	1
my	1
Nokia,	1
however,	1
cannot	1
play	1
through	1
the	1
headphone	1
because	1
it	1
requires	1
attachment	1
of	1
a	1
line	1
cord	1
which	1
acts	1
as	1
an	1
antenna.	1
The	1
cable	1
was	1
shipped	1
promptly	1
and	1
a	1
great	1
price.	1
At	1
the	1
price	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
for,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
give	1
it	1
4!	1
Not	1
much	1
difference	1
than	1
than	1
the	1
reception	1
of	1
the	1
landline.	1
I	1
charged	1
it	1
yesterday	1
with	1
my	1
computer	1
and	1
got	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
an	1
album	1
and	1
a	1
half	1
before	1
it	1
died.	1
Wrong	1
plug.	1
B)	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
access	1
to	1
a	1
volt	1
meter,	1
take	1
a	1
reading	1
on	1
solder	1
points	1
where	1
the	1
wires	1
from	1
the	1
solar	1
collector	1
are	1
soldered.	1
jabra	1
a210	1
bluetooth	1
adapter	1
for	1
universal	1
headset	1
jack.	1
there	1
is	1
exactly	1
the	1
same	1
functionality	1
as	1
with	1
any	1
other	1
keyboard	1
(cmd-C,	1
cmd-V	1
etc.	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
ver	1
1.5	1
which	1
doesn't	1
support	1
voice	1
command	1
via	1
BT	1
headset,	1
but	1
you	1
can	1
still	1
pickup	1
and	1
end	1
calls	1
via	1
BT.	1
Could	1
NOT	1
get	1
this	1
item	1
to	1
stay	1
on	1
my	1
ear!!!	1
I	1
read	1
the	1
instructions	1
which	1
pretty	1
much	1
amount	1
to	1
Broke	1
off	1
in	1
my	1
hand	1
right	1
out	1
of	1
package	1
the	1
1st	1
time	1
I	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
belt.	1
The	1
instructions	1
make	1
this	1
appear	1
like	1
a	1
relatively	1
fool-proof	1
process,	1
which	1
it	1
is	1
not.	1
Poorly	1
constructed.	1
It	1
has	1
good	1
features.	1
Great	1
headset,	1
works	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
motorola	1
v220	1
cellphone!	1
I	1
cannot	1
stress	1
enough	1
that	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
searching	1
for	1
a	1
case	1
that	1
will	1
withstand	1
any	1
test	1
you	1
put	1
to	1
it,	1
body	1
glove	1
is	1
the	1
one.	1
That	1
was	1
partially	1
my	1
fault	1
because	1
one	1
should	1
always	1
save	1
numbers	1
to	1
the	1
SIM	1
card,	1
but	1
it	1
still	1
should	1
not	1
have	1
happened.	1
Not	1
User	1
friendly.	1
***update***	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
more	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
I	1
actually	1
am	1
starting	1
to	1
like	1
this	1
little	1
sucker	1
quite	1
a	1
bit	1
more.	1
About	1
What	1
I	1
Expected.	1
If	1
I	1
knew	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
so	1
dificult	1
to	1
install/	1
configure	1
this	1
product,	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
have	1
bought	1
it.	1
I've	1
had	1
to	1
drain	1
the	1
battery	1
until	1
it	1
shuts	1
off,	1
charge	1
it	1
overnight,	1
and	1
then	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
battery	1
life	1
for	1
1.5	1
days.2.	1
I	1
erase	1
what	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
use.	1
I	1
have	1
only	1
been	1
using	1
the	1
battery	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
days,	1
but	1
it	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
working	1
like	1
the	1
factory	1
original	1
so	1
far.	1
to	1
dial	1
a	1
number	1
u	1
must	1
have	1
it	1
open.the	1
games	1
function	1
is	1
cool	1
too.	1
Not	1
Genuine,	1
Save	1
your	1
money.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
phone	1
for	1
style	1
and	1
looks...But	1
these	1
days,	1
you	1
want	1
it	1
all	1
on	1
a	1
phone.	1
I	1
looked	1
at	1
adding	1
a	1
"direct	1
connection"	1
with	1
DICE	1
or	1
other	1
device,	1
but	1
didn't	1
want	1
the	1
hassle	1
of	1
installation	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
cost.	1
Onwing	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
being	1
with	1
Cingular	1
has	1
been	1
the	1
most	1
painful	1
customer	1
experience	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had.	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
great,	1
shipping	1
cheap	1
and	1
quick.	1
SANYOS	1
ARE	1
NOT	1
GOOD	1
PHONES!!	1
It	1
is	1
paired	1
with	1
two	1
Motorola	1
E815	1
cell	1
phones.Pros	1
Couldn't	1
even	1
put	1
phone	1
in	1
pants	1
pocket	1
and	1
hear	1
callers.	1
Most	1
annoying	1
is	1
the	1
one	1
number	1
per	1
name	1
contact	1
list,	1
and	1
the	1
lookup	1
by	1
only	1
the	1
first	1
letter.	1
this	1
is	1
not	1
original	1
samsung	1
WEP200	1
I	1
owen	1
one	1
that	1
right	1
i	1
know	1
I	1
purchase	1
at	1
FRy	1
compare	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
buy	1
in	1
Fry	1
and	1
amazon	1
is	1
total	1
different.	1
Why	1
on	1
earth	1
would	1
you	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
like	1
those	1
things?	1
Love	1
It!!!!.	1
Not	1
a	1
long-term	1
solution.	1
BUYER	1
BEWARE!.	1
Gave	1
as	1
gift.	1
Not	1
loud	1
enough	1
and	1
the	1
range	1
is	1
not-as-advertised..	1
I	1
planned	1
to	1
use	1
these	1
headphones	1
while	1
doing	1
yardwork,	1
including	1
mowing	1
and	1
weed	1
whacking.	1
You	1
can't	1
beat	1
it!	1
It	1
is	1
more	1
dangerous	1
to	1
drive	1
using	1
it	1
than	1
just	1
talking	1
into	1
the	1
handset.	1
A	1
3	1
year	1
old	1
can	1
work	1
it.	1
Very	1
disappointed.	1
Great	1
Value,	1
Works	1
Well.	1
I	1
do	1
get	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
looks	1
with	1
it...	1
but	1
only	1
if	1
they	1
knew	1
how	1
much	1
I	1
wished	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
...	1
Motorola	1
V600...	1
It	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
about	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
had	1
before,	1
which	1
is	1
a	1
year	1
old	1
now.	1
But	1
please,	1
whatever	1
you	1
do,	1
don't	1
wear	1
it	1
around	1
everywhere	1
like	1
a	1
complete	1
idiot.	1
Only	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
thin	1
piece	1
of	1
material	1
that	1
covers	1
the	1
outer	1
edge	1
of	1
the	1
product	1
comes	1
off	1
easily.	1
Waste	1
of	1
money.	1
This	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
correct	1
battery	1
and	1
the	1
company	1
that	1
sent	1
it	1
tried	1
to	1
fix	1
the	1
problem,	1
but	1
it	1
never	1
worked	1
out.	1
Apparently	1
there's	1
either	1
a	1
new	1
version,	1
or	1
an	1
international	1
version,	1
that	1
has	1
a	1
spring	1
inside	1
the	1
button	1
that	1
requires	1
a	1
harder	1
press.	1
every	1
time	1
i	1
try	1
calling	1
my	1
friends	1
out	1
on	1
my	1
bike	1
or	1
something,	1
i	1
have	1
to	1
jam	1
the	1
fone	1
up	1
to	1
my	1
ear	1
just	1
to	1
hear	1
them.	1
Good	1
luck	1
finding	1
a	1
better	1
one!	1
The	1
style	1
is	1
nice	1
as	1
well.	1
Third,	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
too	1
big,	1
compared	1
to	1
others	1
in	1
it's	1
class	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
leather	1
case.	1
Now,	1
18	1
months	1
later	1
the	1
camera	1
no	1
longer	1
works,	1
but	1
I	1
didn't	1
use	1
it	1
all	1
that	1
much	1
to	1
begin	1
with.	1
Do	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
a	1
K1m.	1
If	1
only	1
they	1
had	1
one	1
with	1
2	1
Mini	1
USB	1
ends	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
the	1
newer	1
headsets!	1
I	1
will	1
say	1
that	1
the	1
return	1
and	1
cancellation	1
process	1
went	1
smoothly	1
(so	1
far,	1
haven't	1
received	1
final	1
bill	1
yet!)	1
Tried	1
on	1
multiple	1
cars.	1
Super	1
cool	1
charger	1
with	1
blue	1
light.	1
My	1
3-year	1
old	1
battery	1
was	1
only	1
lasting	1
20-30	1
mins.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
case	1
with	1
an	1
iphone	1
4	1
that	1
has	1
a	1
pixel	1
skin	1
bumper.	1
And	1
twice	1
when	1
I	1
forgot	1
to	1
mail	1
my	1
payment	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
$5	1
charge	1
-	1
but	1
they	1
did	1
not	1
just	1
cut	1
off	1
the	1
service.	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
up	1
the	1
following	1
morning,	1
I	1
tried	1
the	1
Audio	1
Streamer	1
again,	1
without	1
doing	1
anything	1
else	1
to	1
it,	1
and	1
it	1
worked.	1
get	1
the	1
Motorola	1
Razor	1
V3tit	1
is	1
the	1
black	1
one	1
for	1
T-mobileit	1
has	1
a	1
memory	1
card	1
and	1
the	1
motorola	1
symbol	1
on	1
the	1
from	1
flip	1
lights	1
up	1
blue	1
its	1
amazing!!	1
Excellent	1
product	1
at	1
an	1
excellent	1
price.	1
Sprint	1
is	1
deceptive.	1
For	1
those	1
wishing	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
LG	1
5300	1
please	1
be	1
aware	1
there	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
no	1
driver	1
included	1
for	1
your	1
phone.	1
When	1
I	1
start	1
voicedail,	1
instead	1
of	1
hearing	1
"Please	1
say	1
a	1
command",	1
I	1
just	1
hear	1
"...mand".	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
fit.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
Treo	1
600	1
that	1
was	1
replaced	1
three	1
times	1
due	1
to	1
failure	1
of	1
the	1
earpiece	1
and	1
other	1
hardware	1
problems.	1
is	1
the	1
most	1
common	1
response	1
in	1
using	1
this	1
headset	1
after	1
two	1
weeks.	1
Either	1
their	1
negotiation	1
skills	1
suck	1
at	1
Amazon	1
or	1
they're	1
making	1
a	1
ridiculous	1
profit.	1
-1	1
star	1
Does	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
about	1
2	1
years	1
ago.	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
worse	1
time	1
and	1
then	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
contact	1
seller	1
I	1
kept	1
getting	1
automated	1
emails.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
my	1
husband's	1
favorite	1
color	1
is	1
Blue	1
and	1
he	1
just	1
had	1
a	1
Razr	1
V3.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
third	1
time	1
I've	1
purchased	1
this	1
item,	1
and	1
it	1
likely	1
won't	1
be	1
the	1
last.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
Zip-Linq	1
AC	1
Wall	1
Plug	1
usb	1
adapter	1
as	1
an	1
inexpensive	1
alternative	1
to	1
the	1
official	1
Apple	1
charger.	1
here	1
is	1
a	1
news	1
flash	1
the	1
razr	1
sucks	1
okay.	1
All	1
the	1
necessary	1
holes	1
are	1
punched	1
out	1
exactly	1
where	1
they	1
should	1
be.	1
And	1
my	1
lastest	1
headache,	1
"The	1
SIM	1
card	1
registation	1
failed",	1
it	1
does	1
this	1
all	1
day	1
long	1
allowing	1
me	1
to	1
miss	1
calls.	1
I	1
googled	1
around	1
only	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
common	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
8525.	1
The	1
only	1
negative	1
thing	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
about	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
cord	1
length.	1
It	1
worked	1
quite	1
well	1
in	1
the	1
beginning.	1
The	1
magnet	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
feature!	1
didnt	1
really	1
work	1
for	1
me.	1
Bought	1
for	1
a	1
V530,	1
works	1
perfect.	1
Does	1
What	1
I	1
Need	1
It	1
To.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
turn	1
the	1
music	1
off,	1
and	1
roll	1
up	1
the	1
windows.	1
As	1
a	1
true	1
gadget	1
freak,	1
when	1
I	1
say	1
it	1
is	1
my	1
most	1
treasured	1
device,	1
that	1
means	1
A	1
LOT!!	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
pair	1
with	1
anything.	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
just	1
a	1
milage	1
limitation.	1
It	1
charges	1
very	1
quick	1
with	1
the	1
wall	1
charger	1
it	1
comes	1
with,	1
too.	1
The	1
quality	1
was	1
very	1
cheap	1
as	1
the	1
cord	1
was	1
so	1
fragile	1
that	1
it	1
looked	1
like	1
it	1
would	1
tear	1
any	1
minute.	1
Looks	1
nice	1
but	1
doesn't	1
work	1
in	1
my	1
car.	1
By	1
then	1
Amazon	1
would	1
no	1
longer	1
exchange	1
the	1
phone,	1
I	1
sent	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
Moto	1
via	1
UPS.	1
Light	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
don't	1
use	1
it	1
that	1
often	1
and	1
I	1
can't	1
afford	1
to	1
pay	1
$50	1
a	1
month	1
for	1
something	1
I	1
don't	1
need.	1
Most	1
Impressed.	1
Overall	1
I	1
am	1
loving	1
this	1
product.	1
It's	1
not	1
as	1
sleek	1
and	1
pretty	1
as	1
my	1
samsung,	1
but	1
it's	1
more	1
stylish	1
than	1
I	1
had	1
originally	1
thought	1
and	1
it's	1
got	1
a	1
nice	1
feel	1
to	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
useful	1
little	1
device!.	1
Believe	1
it	1
or	1
not,	1
it	1
can	1
be	1
a	1
bit	1
tricky	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
on,	1
but	1
not	1
impossible.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
have	1
my	1
phone	1
search	1
for	1
the	1
item	1
in	1
order	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
each	1
time	1
I	1
turn	1
it	1
on.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
10	1
or	1
more	1
different	1
Bluetooth	1
headsets	1
since	1
they	1
have	1
come	1
out,	1
and	1
to	1
be	1
quite	1
honest,	1
they	1
suck.	1
I	1
read	1
all	1
the	1
reviews	1
and	1
decided	1
that	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
that	1
this	1
product	1
was	1
being	1
sold	1
I	1
would	1
risk	1
it.It	1
is	1
a	1
really	1
odd	1
product.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
3	1
months	1
now.	1
However,	1
I	1
went	1
through	1
two	1
cords	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
good	1
contact	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
8	1
months,	1
and	1
it's	1
been	1
nothing	1
but	1
trouble.	1
Simple	1
as	1
that.	1
To	1
be	1
fair,	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
free	1
when	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Samsung	1
ACE	1
from	1
MobileESPN	1
in	1
September	1
2006.	1
Universal	1
Adapter	1
Is	1
NOT	1
Universal!!!.	1
Lightweight	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
of	1
cheapness	1
and	1
didn't	1
even	1
fit	1
my	1
car's	1
power	1
jack.	1
The	1
next	1
one	1
says	1
no,	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
cancel	1
it.	1
The	1
Blackberry	1
7100	1
is	1
vastly	1
superior	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
signifigant	1
reasons.The	1
reasons	1
are	1
the	1
smaller	1
size	1
of	1
the	1
Blackberry	1
7100	1
is	1
outstanding.	1
Buy	1
the	1
palmOne	1
Treo	1
600/650	1
Stereo	1
Headphone	1
Adapter	1
instead.	1
The	1
AC	1
and	1
auto	1
charger	1
work	1
just	1
fine.	1
it	1
worked	1
well.	1
I	1
find	1
the	1
clip	1
convienece	1
as	1
it	1
allows	1
for	1
easy	1
transport	1
of	1
your	1
phone	1
and	1
offers	1
a	1
higher	1
level	1
of	1
protection	1
of	1
your	1
phone.	1
If	1
you	1
are	1
not	1
a	1
Blackberry	1
user,	1
this	1
will	1
likely	1
be	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
choice	1
for	1
a	1
first	1
smart	1
phone.	1
I	1
own	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
year	1
and	1
half,	1
and	1
in	1
very	1
first	1
few	1
weeks	1
I	1
started	1
having	1
trouble	1
in	1
charging	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
so	1
many	1
beefs	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
after	1
a	1
year	1
and	1
half	1
of	1
use.	1
This	1
is	1
very	1
small	1
and	1
compact.	1
you	1
dont	1
have	1
to	1
open	1
your	1
phone	1
to	1
place	1
a	1
call.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
pull	1
out	1
the	1
manual.3.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
used	1
batteries.	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
ask	1
Amazon	1
to	1
intervene	1
and	1
recover	1
my	1
money.Dave	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
why	1
a	1
phone	1
that's	1
been	1
out	1
only	1
a	1
month	1
wouldn't	1
have	1
the	1
most	1
recent	1
version	1
of	1
WM.	1
This	1
headset	1
has	1
been	1
the	1
best	1
in	1
that	1
regard,	1
though	1
there	1
is	1
still	1
some	1
minor	1
discomfort.	1
THE	1
BEST!!!.	1
The	1
Plantronics	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
by	1
far	1
but	1
not	1
perfect.	1
)The	1
earbuds	1
are	1
average	1
quality,	1
useable	1
but	1
not	1
exceptional.	1
I	1
am	1
able	1
to	1
carry	1
out	1
long	1
(1	1
hr.)	1
Good	1
-	1
But	1
Could	1
be	1
Better.	1
It	1
allows	1
you	1
full	1
access	1
to	1
the	1
buttons,	1
but	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
get	1
used	1
to	1
having	1
a	1
barrier	1
surrounding	1
the	1
button.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
Having	1
the	1
VGA	1
camera	1
is	1
great,	1
specially	1
when	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
my	1
digital	1
cameras	1
on	1
hand	1
and	1
just	1
want	1
a	1
snap	1
to	1
e-mail.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
remote	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
reccomended	1
for	1
the	1
Ihome	1
I	1
was	1
buying	1
the	1
remote	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
that	1
ihome	1
or	1
the	1
ihome	1
ih5.	1
Again,	1
I	1
go	1
through	1
the	1
steps	1
(Picture	1
to	1
contact)but	1
somehow	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
it	1
twice,	1
maybe	1
it's	1
user	1
error.	1
It	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
me	1
other	1
Motorola	1
phones.	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
ask	1
for	1
yet	1
another	1
replacement.	1
Also,	1
camera	1
is	1
great.	1
As	1
long	1
as	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
right	1
type	1
of	1
RAZR	1
for	1
the	1
case,	1
it	1
fits	1
perfectly.	1
thats	1
crazy.	1
Nice	1
idea	1
to	1
keep	1
the	1
Palm	1
on	1
your	1
belt,	1
but	1
this	1
design	1
is	1
not	1
durable	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
Treo	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
$100	1
rebate	1
from	1
Wirefly.	1
i	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
item.	1
The	1
v551	1
has	1
quad	1
band	1
for	1
international	1
roaming	1
and	1
the	1
sim	1
card	1
is	1
64k	1
for	1
now	1
because	1
cingular	1
and	1
at&t	1
are	1
intergrating	1
there	1
networks.	1
As	1
long	1
as	1
you	1
install	1
correctly,	1
it	1
will	1
work.	1
People	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
reported	1
they	1
could	1
not	1
understand	1
me.	1
I	1
got	1
WM6	1
installed	1
on	1
it,	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
new	1
interface,	1
it	1
works.	1
The	1
sound	1
from	1
this	1
headset	1
rocks!	1
Does	1
everything	1
it	1
said	1
it	1
would	1
4	1
the	1
8940...I	1
thought	1
it	1
would	1
b	1
difficult...everything	1
installed	1
and	1
worked	1
fine...fast	1
delivery	1
If	1
you	1
need	1
more	1
maybe	1
you're	1
just	1
fooling	1
yourself.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
imagine	1
wearing	1
it	1
for	1
extended	1
periods.	1
Very	1
nice	1
when	1
you	1
just	1
want	1
a	1
LITTLE	1
hint	1
of	1
color!	1
Sound	1
quality	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
very	1
comfortable.I	1
have	1
seen	1
other	1
copies	1
of	1
this	1
mike	1
under	1
another	1
brand	1
name	1
for	1
a	1
little	1
less,	1
but	1
sill	1
a	1
decent	1
value.	1
Do	1
not	1
be	1
fooled	1
by	1
the	1
ultra	1
sleek	1
sexy	1
look	1
of	1
this	1
phone!I	1
have	1
never	1
experienced	1
so	1
many	1
annoying	1
situatations	1
with	1
any	1
other	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
lightweight	1
and	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
This	1
is	1
remarkably	1
well	1
made.	1
Unbelievable.Do	1
not	1
go	1
with	1
Cingular.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
thinking	1
that	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
phone,	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
Then	1
she	1
said	1
those	1
words,	1
"Mom,	1
did	1
you	1
take	1
the	1
phone	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
pocket,	1
because	1
I	1
left	1
it	1
in	1
there.	1
Otherwise,	1
the	1
only	1
thing	1
missing	1
is	1
a	1
noise	1
canceling	1
feature	1
(though	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
I	1
really	1
miss	1
it).	1
GOOD	1
SELLER	1
provide	1
Good	1
product!!.	1
Motorola	1
battery.	1
It	1
stopped	1
working	1
-	1
plugged	1
it	1
it	1
-	1
and	1
the	1
batteries	1
would	1
not	1
take	1
charge.	1
After	1
doing	1
that	1
it	1
worked	1
fine	1
until	1
a	1
week	1
later.	1
The	1
leather	1
is	1
higher	1
quality	1
than	1
most	1
cell	1
phone	1
pouches,	1
but	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
fairly	1
useless	1
to	1
the	1
average	1
user.	1
It	1
works	1
right	1
after	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
box.	1
This	1
product	1
surpasses	1
my	1
old	1
one	1
in	1
quality	1
by	1
a	1
mile.I	1
am	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
it,	1
has	1
a	1
very	1
clear	1
sound	1
quality	1
on	1
both	1
sending	1
and	1
receiving	1
end.	1
But,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
turn	1
off	1
when	1
the	1
power	1
is	1
disconnected.	1
Great	1
Case.	1
During	1
one	1
billing	1
period	1
the	1
phone	1
connected	1
to	1
the	1
internet	1
by	1
itselft	1
over	1
1,500	1
times.	1
All	1
of	1
my	1
other	1
electronics	1
worked	1
fine	1
in	1
the	1
converter.	1
Got	1
the	1
razor	1
and	1
I	1
gotta	1
say	1
it's	1
great.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
item	1
to	1
anyone	1
and	1
will	1
never	1
purchase	1
from	1
this	1
seller	1
again.	1
This	1
headset	1
is	1
very	1
convenient	1
and	1
comfortable.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
satisfied	1
at	1
all.	1
the	1
only	1
problem	1
is	1
it	1
hangs	1
quite	1
frequently	1
when	1
i	1
receive	1
a	1
call.	1
I	1
just	1
recently	1
got	1
this.	1
I	1
thought	1
maybe	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
a	1
defective	1
one....	1
Most	1
everyone	1
else	1
seems	1
to	1
like	1
it.	1
That	1
means	1
chargers,	1
batteries,	1
desktop	1
chargers,	1
etc.	1
While	1
it	1
does	1
bend	1
and	1
expand	1
to	1
"adjust"	1
to	1
a	1
wider	1
fit,	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
get	1
tighter	1
on	1
the	1
ends	1
that	1
go	1
in	1
your	1
ear.	1
With	1
a	1
price	1
this	1
low	1
it	1
is	1
hard	1
to	1
fault	1
it	1
al	1
long	1
as	1
it	1
still	1
charges	1
my	1
phone	1
Would	1
not	1
buy	1
again.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
MINI	1
USB	1
male	1
connector!!!.	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
New	1
York	1
and	1
thought	1
that	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
problem.	1
motorola	1
mini	1
phone	1
charger.	1
Good	1
sound	1
Awful	1
to	1
wear.	1
etcOne	1
minor	1
problem	1
They	1
have	1
no	1
warranty.	1
horrible	1
ringtones,	1
downloads	1
bad,	1
poor	1
reception.	1
Disappointed,	1
I	1
sent	1
it	1
back	1
immediately.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
attractive	1
and	1
quite	1
shiny--not	1
matte,	1
like	1
the	1
first	1
run	1
of	1
covers	1
and	1
the	1
m100	1
itself.	1
1st	1
time	1
nextel	1
customer	1
-shoulda	1
done	1
more	1
consumer	1
research	1
before	1
opening	1
a	1
business	1
acct.	1
Great	1
Phone.	1
I	1
could	1
also	1
go	1
on	1
and	1
on	1
about	1
the	1
horror	1
of	1
trying	1
to	1
get	1
PALM	1
and	1
VERIZON	1
to	1
own	1
up	1
to	1
this	1
fact	1
and	1
give	1
me	1
a	1
different	1
phone...ANY	1
Phone.	1
It	1
will	1
also	1
charge	1
directly	1
from	1
the	1
USB	1
cable.MP3	1
PLAYERThe	1
MP3	1
player	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
an	1
afterthought,	1
and	1
is	1
not	1
well	1
thought	1
out.	1
Especially	1
those	1
who	1
are	1
using	1
a	1
Blackberry.	1
It	1
works	1
very	1
well,	1
great	1
volume,	1
little	1
background	1
noise,	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
The	1
pocket	1
charger	1
is	1
really	1
great.	1
Does	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to.	1
First	1
phone	1
stopped	1
working	1
in	1
2	1
months	1
--	1
just	1
turned	1
itself	1
off	1
and	1
would	1
not	1
come	1
back	1
on.	1
Yes,	1
the	1
phonefeels	1
nice.	1
Well	1
worth	1
the	1
money,	1
and	1
then	1
some.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
headset	1
with	1
very	1
high	1
hopes.	1
Vonage	1
IS	1
Dante's	1
5th	1
Ring	1
of	1
Hell.	1
Happy	1
surfing	1
and	1
God	1
bless!	1
Then	1
they	1
said	1
I	1
must	1
have	1
erased	1
the	1
software	1
(how???)	1
The	1
cord	1
of	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
tightly	1
wound	1
and	1
tied	1
when	1
packaged.	1
How	1
he	1
is	1
still	1
able	1
to	1
sell	1
on	1
this	1
site	1
after	1
doing	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
to	1
other	1
customers.	1
The	1
zipper	1
is	1
pretty	1
crappy	1
and	1
cheap,	1
sometimes	1
it	1
unthreads	1
itself	1
from	1
just	1
pressure	1
places	1
on	1
the	1
casing.	1
Attaches	1
to	1
my	1
purse	1
edging	1
very	1
easily.	1
i	1
think	1
it	1
the	1
best	1
case	1
out	1
right	1
niw	1
The	1
same	1
thing	1
happened.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
to	1
send	1
this	1
phone	1
back	1
twice	1
due	1
a	1
slow	1
reaction	1
time	1
and	1
freezing.	1
While	1
I	1
have	1
small	1
ears,	1
this	1
was	1
the	1
best	1
fit	1
and	1
felt	1
the	1
most	1
secure.	1
The	1
battery	1
seems	1
to	1
last	1
a	1
good	1
long	1
time.	1
It's	1
suppose	1
to	1
be	1
the	1
best	1
in	1
noise	1
cancelling,	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
voyager	1
pro,	1
but	1
I've	1
never	1
had	1
any	1
complaints	1
from	1
my	1
plantronics	1
products.	1
It	1
works	1
for	1
me..	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
talk	1
and	1
drive.	1
D)	1
Re-splice	1
to	1
opposites	1
(connect	1
red	1
to	1
black;	1
black	1
to	1
red).	1
Poor	1
Quality.	1
Same	1
result.	1
I	1
only	1
need	1
one	1
hand	1
to	1
open	1
it.	1
Broked	1
after	1
5	1
weeks.	1
I	1
like	1
them	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
the	1
weight	1
is	1
light.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
charger	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
at	1
your	1
cellular	1
dealer,	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
it	1
at	1
all.	1
Verizon	1
didn't	1
want	1
to	1
replace	1
the	1
load	1
of	1
crap.	1
When	1
you	1
see	1
the	1
Silicone	1
skin	1
case	1
or	1
even	1
the	1
description	1
of	1
it,	1
you	1
tend	1
to	1
think	1
hard	1
molded	1
plastic.	1
dash	1
mount	1
for	1
mobile	1
phone.	1
Even	1
while	1
driving	1
i	1
didn't	1
find	1
any	1
difficulty	1
in	1
using	1
this	1
headset.	1
That's	1
what	1
I	1
asked	1
for.	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
week,	1
then	1
I	1
exchanged	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
replacement-same	1
thing.	1
I	1
talked	1
to	1
the	1
employee	1
at	1
the	1
Cingular	1
store	1
about	1
this	1
design.	1
It	1
paired	1
easily	1
with	1
my	1
RAZR	1
V3c	1
and	1
operated	1
with	1
no	1
problems.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
Charge	1
time	1
was	1
quick	1
enough.Only	1
drawback,	1
and	1
a	1
minor	1
one,	1
is	1
the	1
lenght	1
of	1
the	1
cord.	1
Of	1
course	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
was	1
on	1
sale	1
for	1
one	1
cent	1
so	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
I	1
find	1
the	1
volume	1
level	1
to	1
be	1
good,	1
though	1
not	1
outstanding.	1
So	1
much	1
easier	1
and	1
safer	1
than	1
trying	1
to	1
reach	1
for	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
purse	1
while	1
I'm	1
driving,	1
too.	1
The	1
sound	1
was	1
fine,	1
as	1
was	1
reception.	1
Got	1
this	1
phone	1
on	1
a	1
second	1
try.....	1
When	1
I	1
first	1
went	1
in	1
the	1
store	1
to	1
upgrade	1
my	1
phone,	1
I	1
got	1
talked	1
into	1
getting	1
a	1
LG	1
CU500.	1
However,	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
it	1
very	1
long	1
in	1
my	1
hometown	1
before	1
I	1
moved	1
to	1
Columbus	1
Ohio.	1
The	1
magnet	1
is	1
strong	1
enough	1
that	1
it	1
works	1
through	1
the	1
folded	1
back	1
flap	1
on	1
my	1
Galaxy	1
III!	1
Montorola	1
usb	1
wall	1
charget.	1
I	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
as	1
a	1
charger	1
now	1
by	1
only	1
putting	1
the	1
connector	1
in	1
at	1
an	1
angle	1
so	1
it	1
doesn't	1
get	1
hung	1
up.	1
The	1
battery	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
replacement/backup	1
-	1
and	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
works	1
fine.	1
He	1
had	1
to	1
exchange	1
the	1
first	1
unit	1
because	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
came	1
apart,	1
exposing	1
wires.	1
The	1
screen	1
needs	1
better	1
resolution.	1
They	1
also	1
say	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
going	1
to	1
charge	1
a	1
$9.95	1
"handling	1
fee"	1
regardless	1
of	1
the	1
reason	1
for	1
the	1
refund.	1
You	1
can	1
not	1
move	1
quickly	1
through	1
functions,	1
keypad	1
is	1
awkward,	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
horrible,	1
reception	1
is	1
horrible.	1
So	1
after	1
reading	1
the	1
return	1
policy,	1
I	1
can't	1
return	1
the	1
broken	1
unit.	1
Almost	1
weird	1
how	1
it	1
works.	1
(But	1
then	1
again	1
I	1
notice	1
that	1
sprints	1
customer	1
service	1
has	1
been	1
lacking	1
in	1
every	1
aspect)	1
So	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
I	1
will	1
renew	1
when	1
the	1
time	1
comes	1
up.	1
I	1
let	1
the	1
original	1
charge	1
on	1
the	1
battery	1
go	1
completely	1
out.	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
work	1
but	1
the	1
speaker	1
phone	1
is	1
like	1
a	1
kids	1
toy.	1
The	1
fact	1
that	1
you	1
cannot	1
hear	1
what	1
you	1
want/need	1
to	1
hear	1
reduces	1
the	1
rating	1
for	1
these	1
from	1
a	1
potential	1
5-star	1
to	1
a	1
2.	1
I	1
really	1
didn't	1
like	1
this	1
product,	1
i	1
could	1
never	1
hear	1
anything.	1
I	1
initially	1
bought	1
this	1
item	1
because	1
my	1
brother's	1
computer	1
stopped	1
working	1
and	1
he	1
had	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
charge	1
his	1
Zune.	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
my	1
warranty	1
for	1
another	1
month	1
but	1
i'm	1
not	1
willing	1
to	1
replace	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
the	1
3rd	1
time..	1
it's	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
time!	1
Received	1
quickly	1
and	1
in	1
good	1
condition.	1
It	1
gets	1
"dropped"	1
by	1
my	1
phone	1
constantly.	1
Not	1
good	1
enough	1
for	1
$99.	1
got	1
the	1
wrong	1
size	1
battery,	1
not	1
the	1
one	1
i	1
ordered.	1
Easy	1
come	1
easy	1
go...	1
If	1
Samsung	1
could	1
figure	1
out	1
a	1
better	1
way	1
for	1
this	1
to	1
stay	1
in	1
your	1
ear,	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
all	1
over	1
it.	1
It's	1
range	1
is	1
much	1
greater	1
than	1
I	1
expected.	1
Since	1
I	1
don't	1
want	1
a	1
qwerty	1
keyboard,	1
I	1
need	1
another	1
way	1
to	1
enter	1
data	1
quickly	1
and	1
switch	1
to	1
different	1
programs.	1
Broke	1
my	1
Treo.	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
decent	1
though	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
certain	1
amount	1
of	1
trouble	1
talking	1
into	1
space	1
while	1
trying	1
to	1
hold	1
this	1
plastic	1
rectangle	1
close	1
to	1
my	1
ear.	1
Works	1
in	1
your	1
car	1
and	1
in	1
an	1
outlet	1
also.	1
Once	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
640,	1
I	1
had	1
difficulty	1
getting	1
the	1
pocket	1
charger	1
and	1
the	1
AC	1
charger	1
to	1
connect.	1
I	1
still	1
love	1
it,	1
but	1
some	1
of	1
its	1
limitations	1
have	1
become	1
apparent.	1
Downsides	1
and	1
Alternatives.	1
The	1
headset	1
works	1
like	1
they	1
say	1
and	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
It	1
has	1
great	1
reception,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
superb,	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
very	1
sturdy.	1
But,	1
Motorola	1
needs	1
to	1
improve	1
the	1
video	1
feature.	1
I	1
use	1
my	1
cell	1
as	1
my	1
main	1
phone	1
and	1
have	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
so	1
obviously	1
it's	1
getting	1
its	1
work	1
done.	1
And	1
it's	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
to	1
send	1
it	1
back.	1
Good	1
phone	1
sold	1
with	1
troublesome	1
offers.	1
The	1
headset	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
on	1
both	1
ears	1
which	1
is	1
a	1
big	1
plus	1
and	1
the	1
packaged	1
charger	1
charges	1
the	1
unit	1
quite	1
fast.	1
go	1
for	1
t610.I	1
am	1
going	1
to	1
return	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
buy	1
another	1
T610	1
for	1
my	1
family	1
plan.	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Buyer	1
beware...	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
Sprint.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
very	1
light	1
anf	1
fits	1
to	1
my	1
ear	1
very	1
easily.	1
Luckily	1
I	1
had	1
phone	1
insurance.	1
K1	1
help	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
helpful,	1
yet	1
going	1
on-line	1
and	1
looking	1
at	1
K1	1
forums	1
even	1
more	1
helpful.	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
everyone!!	1
HIM	1
AND	1
I	1
BOTH	1
GOT	1
NEW	1
UPGRADED	1
PHONES	1
AND	1
WE	1
LOVE	1
THEM.	1
We	1
kept	1
waiting.	1
I	1
dont	1
feel	1
confort	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
Height	1
aside,	1
the	1
case	1
I	1
got	1
is	1
WAY	1
TOO	1
NARROW	1
for	1
any	1
Razr.	1
The	1
design	1
of	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
is	1
nice	1
and	1
compact.	1
I	1
stress	1
the	1
'little'	1
part.	1
Excellent	1
buy!.	1
Lightweight	1
and	1
sleek	1
but	1
comfort	1
needs	1
improvement.	1
Although	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
thin	1
and	1
looks	1
nice.	1
New	1
battery	1
for	1
old	1
phone.	1
Battery	1
for	1
blackberry.	1
The	1
pink	1
color	1
is	1
bright	1
and	1
doesn't	1
match	1
anything	1
but	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
pink	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
disappear	1
if	1
placed	1
around	1
other	1
things!	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
this.	1
I	1
had	1
similar	1
problems	1
with	1
an	1
early	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
VX7000	1
LG	1
phone	1
too.	1
I	1
love	1
it!!!!!!!!.	1
Works	1
great.	1
The	1
device	1
is	1
at	1
a	1
great	1
price	1
and	1
works	1
very	1
good.	1
No	1
external	1
antennae	1
so	1
it	1
is	1
clean.	1
I	1
would	1
defintly	1
order	1
from	1
them	1
again!	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
AT	1
ALL.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
hesitate	1
to	1
buy	1
from	1
them	1
again.	1
Great	1
sound.	1
Great	1
Value!!!.	1
Like	1
the	1
general	1
ease	1
of	1
use.Thanks	1
for	1
the	1
reviews!	1
Nice	1
but	1
useless.	1
I	1
need	1
a	1
charger	1
and	1
i	1
don't	1
have	1
one	1
right	1
now.I	1
can't	1
believe	1
it.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
charger	1
if	1
looking	1
for	1
one	1
to	1
replace	1
the	1
original.	1
great	1
horizontal	1
case	1
for	1
iPhone.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
from	1
Dbroth	1
through	1
Amazon.	1
LOVE	1
THEM!!!!.	1
Moto	1
Cig	1
Lighter	1
Review.	1
Shaky	1
platform,	1
worse	1
service.	1
After	1
one	1
week,	1
the	1
fragile	1
earhook	1
fell	1
off	1
and	1
Samsung	1
offers	1
no	1
replacement.	1
All	1
it	1
has	1
is	1
a	1
DEMO	1
for	1
bejeweled.	1
You	1
still	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
hearing	1
loss.	1
Quality	1
of	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
great	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
It	1
syncs	1
up	1
with	1
my	1
home	1
PC	1
with	1
no	1
problems	1
using	1
the	1
included	1
USB	1
data	1
cable.	1
As	1
is	1
true	1
for	1
most	1
Bluetooth	1
devices,	1
the	1
practical	1
day-to-day	1
range	1
is	1
on	1
the	1
order	1
of	1
10-15	1
feet,	1
which	1
is	1
still	1
quite	1
useable.	1
when	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
instruction	1
in	1
English	1
at	1
all.	1
When	1
it	1
arrived	1
I	1
charged	1
it,	1
paired	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
PC.	1
I	1
have	1
own	1
the	1
Sanyo	1
cellphone	1
for	1
a	1
month	1
now,	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
horrible	1
month	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
use	1
this	1
cellphone.	1
but	1
i've	1
had	1
it	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
few	1
months	1
and	1
it's	1
already	1
peeling	1
and	1
cracking.	1
When	1
I	1
press	1
green	1
phone,	1
I	1
get	1
a	1
"Call	1
Failed"	1
message	1
immediately.	1
2	1
of	1
which	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
every	1
day.	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
that	1
its	1
capacity	1
to	1
access	1
web	1
URLs	1
is	1
too	1
small,	1
which	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
huge	1
deal	1
for	1
me.	1
I	1
really	1
don't	1
get	1
excited	1
about	1
cell	1
phones	1
and	1
I	1
generally	1
think	1
that	1
most	1
products	1
are	1
"ok"	1
or	1
"not	1
bad".	1
!So	1
now	1
that	1
we	1
know	1
it	1
washes	1
up	1
good,	1
how	1
about	1
the	1
rest	1
of	1
the	1
phone?	1
This	1
one	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
uncomfortable,	1
but	1
only	1
because	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
found	1
an	1
ear	1
bud	1
style	1
that	1
wasn't	1
-	1
I	1
prefer	1
the	1
foam	1
pads.	1
The	1
comfort	1
level	1
is	1
also	1
a	1
nice	1
plus,	1
its	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
I	1
forget	1
its	1
there	1
sometimes.	1
The	1
Jabra	1
headset	1
answer	1
button	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
u	1
can	1
also	1
take	1
video	1
clips,	1
and	1
drag	1
them	1
into	1
a	1
video	1
clip	1
editor	1
and	1
make	1
mini	1
movies	1
with	1
transitions.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
headphone,	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
good	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
very	1
well.	1
I'm	1
happy	1
with	1
it	1
for	1
what	1
it	1
is.............	1
So	1
far	1
it	1
has	1
worked	1
and	1
not	1
peeled,	1
so	1
if	1
you're	1
not	1
a	1
perfectionist	1
it's	1
a	1
decent	1
buy.	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
No	1
complaints,	1
sound	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
they	1
are	1
comfortable.	1
Not	1
all	1
that	1
comfortable	1
and	1
unuseable	1
outdoors.	1
This	1
hands	1
free	1
kit	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
idea,	1
it	1
requires	1
very	1
little	1
installation	1
and	1
it	1
keeps	1
your	1
hands	1
on	1
the	1
wheel	1
while	1
driving	1
and	1
talking.	1
I	1
missed	1
the	1
reviews	1
before	1
I	1
ordered	1
&	1
I	1
shouldn't	1
have	1
bought	1
it.	1
Including	1
time	1
for	1
various	1
stops	1
along	1
the	1
route,	1
the	1
headphones	1
are	1
used	1
for	1
3-to-4.5	1
hours	1
per	1
day.	1
I	1
am	1
furious	1
and	1
have	1
returned	1
my	1
blackberry	1
to	1
cingular	1
for	1
a	1
full	1
refund.	1
that	1
was	1
pretty	1
bad	1
...	1
cause	1
wisconsin	1
isnt	1
that	1
far	1
away!	1
So	1
that	1
was	1
all	1
useless	1
to	1
me.	1
The	1
battery	1
was	1
dying.	1
Went	1
ahead	1
and	1
bought	1
it	1
on	1
Amazon.	1
Check	1
this	1
site	1
out	1
for	1
more	1
info.	1
Have	1
to	1
recharge	1
the	1
battery	1
after	1
two	1
days.	1
Design	1
good,	1
but	1
life	1
bad.	1
First,	1
when	1
I	1
first	1
opened	1
the	1
keyboard	1
there	1
is	1
an	1
instructional	1
sticker	1
on	1
the	1
keyboard	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
peel	1
off.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
phenomenal	1
prodcut,	1
the	1
blackberry	1
fits	1
into	1
this	1
very	1
snugly.	1
And	1
with	1
the	1
background	1
noise	1
reduction	1
virtues	1
of	1
this	1
phone,	1
I	1
was	1
impressed.	1
The	1
pairing	1
was	1
easy	1
and	1
the	1
voice	1
quality	1
is	1
good.	1
HORRIBLE	1
cont.	1
This	1
phone	1
sucks	1
A**.	1
Although	1
I	1
haven't	1
used	1
the	1
small	1
belt-clip	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
back,	1
it	1
looks	1
like	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear.	1
In	1
fact,	1
it	1
makes	1
things	1
worse.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
thinnest	1
phone	1
you	1
ever	1
had!	1
Which	1
makes	1
the	1
phone	1
look	1
terrible.The	1
speaker	1
phone	1
is	1
horrible.	1
Wife	1
didn't	1
like	1
hers	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
just	1
plain	1
terrible.Its	1
very	1
fragile,	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
purchase	1
a	1
case	1
for	1
it,	1
because	1
my	1
phone	1
likes	1
to	1
fly	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
hand	1
!	1
Setup	1
was	1
easy	1
with	1
my	1
Palm	1
700p	1
and	1
PowerBook	1
G4	1
(Skype).	1
I	1
tasted	1
Windows	1
Mobile	1
2005,	1
so	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
spoiled	1
and	1
have	1
to	1
not	1
like	1
2003	1
SE.	1
The	1
sound	1
level	1
actually	1
doubles.	1
For	1
every	1
one	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
return	1
I	1
lose	1
an	1
hour	1
of	1
my	1
time.	1
It	1
keeps	1
losing	1
the	1
signal	1
if	1
there's	1
anything	1
in	1
between	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
pendant.	1
The	1
audio	1
level	1
seems	1
pretty	1
low.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
skin;	1
it	1
protects	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Pearl	1
all	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
OUT	1
OF	1
SIGHT	1
compared	1
to	1
$12	1
and	1
$14	1
at	1
your	1
Tmobile	1
stores.	1
great	1
stereo	1
sound.	1
The	1
product	1
works	1
well	1
although	1
the	1
setup	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
strange.	1
DON'T	1
WASTE	1
YOUR	1
TIME	1
OR	1
MONEY!!!	1
The	1
V330	1
had	1
many	1
good	1
features,	1
which	1
are	1
continued	1
here.	1
what	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money	1
and	1
I'm	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
Its	1
a	1
bright	1
pink	1
Used	1
/	1
Condition	1
on	1
recieving	1
Item.	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
skeptical	1
buying	1
a	1
OEM	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
'berry	1
online.	1
They'll	1
just	1
ignore	1
you.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
pocket	1
pc	1
phone	1
thinking	1
it	1
would	1
solve	1
my	1
problems	1
of	1
juggling	1
phone,	1
organizer,	1
and	1
e-mail	1
functions.	1
Cool	1
phone...but	1
came	1
with	1
UK	1
charger	1
and	1
Japanese	1
Menus.	1
Buttons	1
are	1
covered	1
by	1
case	1
and	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
easier	1
to	1
operate	1
on	1
the	1
fly.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
Plantronics	1
products	1
for	1
over	1
10	1
years	1
because	1
I	1
like	1
their	1
earpiece	1
style.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
looks	1
a	1
bit	1
more	1
professional.	1
It's	1
a	1
good	1
value	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Best	1
of	1
all	1
the	1
price	1
has	1
come	1
way	1
down!	1
Went	1
through	1
a	1
washer	1
and	1
dryer.....	1
Ok,	1
I	1
am	1
going	1
to	1
make	1
this	1
really	1
short.	1
Seems	1
to	1
have	1
quite	1
a	1
few	1
ads	1
on	1
the	1
ticker	1
so	1
far..	1
bleah.Acessing	1
the	1
net	1
for	1
the	1
channels	1
on	1
the	1
ticker	1
is	1
very	1
easy.	1
Poor	1
Quality.	1
In	1
a	1
2	1
minute	1
converstation	1
you	1
were	1
calling	1
back	1
the	1
caller	1
3-4	1
times.	1
Clamshell	1
design	1
with	1
big	1
color	1
screen	1
with	1
SVGA	1
quality2.	1
With	1
the	1
$20	1
rebate	1
offered	1
last	1
month,	1
trying	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
no	1
brainer.	1
I	1
wish	1
someone	1
could	1
come	1
up	1
with	1
a	1
better	1
idea	1
for	1
something	1
to	1
carry	1
it	1
in.	1
I	1
do	1
think	1
the	1
one	1
area	1
Samsung	1
is	1
better	1
is	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
image	1
from	1
the	1
camera.	1
If	1
Amazon	1
allowed	1
it,	1
I	1
would	1
move	1
this	1
to	1
4	1
stars	1
for	1
a	1
650	1
and	1
five	1
stars	1
for	1
a	1
7xx	1
series	1
Treo.	1
Worse	1
then	1
my	1
old	1
battery.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
a	1
relatively	1
noisy	1
office,	1
so	1
binaural	1
design	1
was	1
important	1
to	1
me	1
to	1
block	1
out	1
unrelated	1
noise.	1
It	1
was	1
the	1
only	1
case	1
we	1
could	1
find	1
at	1
the	1
time	1
for	1
the	1
Treo	1
680.	1
The	1
final	1
straw	1
was	1
when	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
a	1
piece	1
broke	1
of	1
so	1
now	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
put	1
the	1
thing	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
unless	1
I	1
hold	1
it.	1
The	1
wire	1
the	1
comes	1
with	1
this	1
is	1
extremely	1
cheap,	1
and	1
the	1
wires	1
have	1
messed	1
up	1
somehow	1
at	1
the	1
1/8"	1
connection	1
side.	1
The	1
ear	1
pieces	1
are	1
comfortable	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
clear.	1
Good	1
Product.	1
The	1
only	1
downside	1
I	1
can	1
see	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
volume	1
control	1
buttons	1
are	1
pretty	1
small	1
and	1
are	1
somewhat	1
awkward	1
for	1
a	1
user	1
with	1
larger	1
hands.	1
(E.g.,	1
to	1
see	1
a	1
list	1
of	1
running	1
applications,	1
press	1
and	1
hold	1
the	1
OK	1
button.	1
Again,	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
done	1
ANYTHING	1
to	1
damage	1
this	1
phone.	1
If	1
I	1
plug	1
the	1
Blackjack	1
to	1
computer	1
speakers	1
from	1
the	1
adapter,	1
sound	1
is	1
OK.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
convinient	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
check	1
your	1
e-mail	1
from	1
anywhere	1
without	1
paying	1
any	1
extra	1
money,	1
besides	1
using	1
your	1
minutes.	1
The	1
ear	1
piece	1
also	1
folds	1
down	1
which	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
to	1
get	1
on	1
in	1
the	1
"mid"	1
position.	1
If	1
you're	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
nice	1
pouch-type	1
case,	1
however,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
bet	1
(and	1
a	1
good	1
buy).	1
In	1
fact,	1
if	1
you	1
try	1
to	1
scroll	1
the	1
way	1
they	1
tell	1
you	1
to	1
(they	1
as	1
in	1
everyone	1
who	1
has	1
complained	1
about	1
it),	1
it	1
IS	1
annoying.	1
It's	1
minimal,	1
lightweight,	1
and	1
has	1
a	1
pleasant	1
grippy	1
texture.	1
I	1
really	1
HATE	1
it.	1
Within	1
a	1
week	1
my	1
son	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
the	1
left	1
side	1
of	1
these	1
headphones!	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
speak	1
bad	1
about	1
their	1
customer	1
service	1
because	1
they	1
tried.	1
My	1
original	1
white	1
head	1
piece	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
died.	1
If	1
you	1
don't	1
NEED	1
a	1
phone	1
right	1
away	1
wait	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
since	1
Verizon	1
is	1
releasing	1
a	1
few	1
new	1
models.	1
This	1
occurs	1
about	1
every	1
30	1
seconds.	1
After	1
a	1
long	1
search	1
for	1
a	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
Creative	1
Zen	1
Vision	1
It	1
has	1
come	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
where	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
want	1
to	1
answer	1
the	1
phone	1
anymore	1
when	1
it's	1
ringing	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
fear	1
of	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
"What?"	1
Not	1
so	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
again.	1
They	1
replaced	1
a	1
holster	1
that	1
broke	1
right	1
after	1
I	1
opened	1
it.	1
Not	1
for	1
Blackberry8220.	1
This	1
wouldn't	1
be	1
bad,	1
but	1
he	1
direct	1
connect	1
microphone	1
is	1
located	1
on	1
the	1
opposite	1
side	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
God	1
Bless	1
again.	1
(I	1
just	1
dont	1
like	1
the	1
blinking	1
blue	1
light)	1
LoL...	1
Take	1
Care	1
All...	1
Best	1
phone	1
features	1
and	1
interface.	1
If	1
you	1
see	1
me	1
walking	1
down	1
the	1
street	1
with	1
a	1
wire	1
in	1
my	1
ear,	1
gesturing	1
wildly,	1
and	1
arguing	1
with	1
invisible	1
beings,	1
please	1
help	1
me!	1
Cool,	1
and	1
if	1
you	1
aren't	1
a	1
camera	1
freek,	1
excellent.	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
I've	1
seen.	1
dont	1
bother	1
with	1
this	1
one.	1
Once	1
you	1
lock	1
the	1
phone.	1
It	1
was	1
an	1
amazing	1
difference.	1
I	1
know	1
it's	1
bulky,	1
but	1
is	1
it	1
sweet	1
to	1
use@!	1
The	1
case	1
I	1
received	1
is	1
not	1
Tuxedo	1
SuitUp.	1
Angry	1
at	1
HP.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
phone.	1
Unfortunately,	1
that's	1
about	1
the	1
extent	1
of	1
its	1
qualities.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
any	1
phone	1
or	1
service	1
from	1
T-mobile.	1
I	1
don't	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
everyday,	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
handle	1
that	1
part	1
just	1
fine.	1
It	1
is	1
suppose	1
to	1
be	1
more	1
compatible	1
to	1
the	1
tro	1
650,but	1
it	1
seems	1
that	1
other	1
Blue	1
Tooths	1
would	1
work	1
just	1
fine	1
with	1
the	1
treo	1
650	1
if	1
not	1
better.	1
Great	1
Item!.	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
adaptor	1
in	1
time	1
for	1
my	1
out	1
of	1
country	1
visit.	1
Excellent	1
quality	1
and	1
it	1
fitted	1
my	1
husband's	1
phone	1
so	1
well.	1
It	1
is	1
prone	1
to	1
often	1
crashing	1
and	1
locking	1
up.	1
After	1
hours	1
of	1
charging,	1
the	1
battery	1
level	1
increase	1
only	1
say	1
30%	1
comparing	1
to	1
full	1
charged	1
if	1
using	1
the	1
regular	1
power	1
adaptor.	1
The	1
camera	1
quality	1
is	1
not	1
good	1
it	1
looks	1
too	1
grey	1
even	1
when	1
you	1
adjust	1
the	1
settings.	1
The	1
phone	1
does	1
shut	1
itself	1
off.	1
When	1
I	1
did	1
actually	1
take	1
calls	1
(and	1
call	1
out),	1
I	1
cannot	1
count	1
the	1
number	1
of	1
times	1
I've	1
had	1
my	1
call	1
dropped.	1
Huge	1
amount	1
of	1
background	1
noise.	1
The	1
speaker	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
joke	1
too.	1
you	1
can	1
not	1
go	1
wrong	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
It	1
sounds	1
great	1
with	1
my	1
car	1
speakers,	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
leave	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
plugged	1
in	1
without	1
the	1
cord	1
getting	1
stepped	1
on!!	1
In	1
spite	1
of	1
his	1
review	1
and	1
that	1
of	1
others,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
give	1
the	1
Treo	1
700w	1
a	1
try.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
most	1
poorly	1
designed	1
products	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
in	1
a	1
while.	1
It	1
has	1
also	1
given	1
me	1
one	1
more	1
reception	1
bar.	1
)One	1
downside;	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
easy	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
comfortable	1
without	1
the	1
wire	1
digging	1
into	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
picked	1
them	1
up	1
to	1
head	1
out	1
for	1
work	1
and	1
the	1
piece	1
that	1
fits	1
in	1
the	1
ear	1
fell	1
off.	1
Good	1
clarity,	1
voice	1
dialing	1
works	1
flawlessly	1
and	1
can	1
even	1
hear	1
MP3	1
and	1
video	1
sound	1
through	1
the	1
headset.	1
Plus	1
Sprint	1
data	1
plans	1
are	1
WAY	1
cheaper.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
from	1
amazon	1
which	1
was	1
delivered	1
in	1
timely	1
fashion	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
really	1
cool	1
with	1
excellent	1
battery	1
life	1
The	1
pictures	1
are	1
good	1
for	1
a	1
camera	1
phone,	1
but	1
that	1
is	1
not	1
why	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone.	1
Also,	1
this	1
phone	1
featured	1
a	1
1.3	1
megapixel	1
camera,	1
and	1
it	1
actually	1
takes	1
decent	1
pictures.	1
I	1
cant	1
even	1
enjoy	1
all	1
the	1
phones	1
feathers	1
because	1
the	1
battery	1
drains	1
too	1
fast!	1
no	1
good	1
for	1
working	1
out.	1
But	1
when	1
you	1
need	1
the	1
phone,	1
an	1
easy	1
press	1
on	1
the	1
top	1
releases	1
phone	1
quickly.	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
needing	1
batteries	1
for	1
2	1
phones	1
for	1
a	1
while	1
and	1
saw	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
these	1
as	1
compared	1
to	1
the	1
local	1
cell	1
phone	1
company's	1
price.	1
Since	1
this	1
cable	1
is	1
serial,	1
it	1
can	1
be	1
used	1
for	1
debugging	1
and	1
unlocking.	1
Great	1
phone,	1
no	1
cool	1
features..	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
good...	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
all	1
(or	1
even	1
very	1
many)	1
of	1
the	1
deluxe	1
features	1
that	1
the	1
more	1
expensive	1
ones	1
do.	1
To	1
put	1
this	1
into	1
perspective,	1
I	1
SELL	1
cell	1
phones	1
for	1
a	1
living.	1
Not	1
for	1
Ipod.	1
Once	1
I	1
didn't	1
bring	1
my	1
wallet	1
and	1
put	1
my	1
cell	1
in	1
the	1
top	1
pouch	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
top	1
heavy	1
and	1
wobbled	1
around	1
the	1
whole	1
ride.	1
It	1
charges	1
my	1
phone	1
exactly	1
like	1
my	1
old	1
charger	1
did,	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
much	1
lower	1
than	1
buying	1
one	1
through	1
my	1
phone	1
provider.	1
It	1
was	1
charged	1
fully	1
when	1
I	1
received	1
it,	1
but	1
after	1
it	1
lost	1
it	1
charge,	1
it	1
has	1
not	1
been	1
charging	1
properly	1
since.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
it,	1
get	1
a	1
phone	1
with	1
BUTTONS!	1
HOw	1
could	1
anyone	1
like	1
a	1
fee	1
that	1
simply	1
amounts	1
to	1
increased	1
product	1
cost	1
that	1
the	1
producer	1
disguises	1
as	1
a	1
"fee".	1
It	1
is	1
good	1
value	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
battery	1
lasts	1
8-10	1
hours.	1
They	1
put	1
me	1
on	1
hold	1
again.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
made	1
with	1
the	1
concept	1
of	1
form	1
over	1
function	1
in	1
mind.	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
crystal	1
this	1
time...	1
Once	1
again	1
a	1
product	1
perfection!	1
)My	1
big	1
problem,	1
though,	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
software	1
is	1
still	1
flaky.	1
It's	1
a	1
bad	1
quality	1
product.	1
There	1
are	1
two	1
versions	1
for	1
non-bluetooth	1
phones	1
with	1
2.5mm	1
jack.	1
just	1
died	1
after	1
like	1
a	1
month	1
of	1
use.never	1
again.	1
Razr	1
phone.	1
Ordered	1
it	1
Tuesday...	1
received	1
it	1
Thursday.	1
I	1
often	1
work	1
outdoors	1
and	1
haven't	1
had	1
the	1
problems	1
seeing	1
the	1
screen	1
that	1
some	1
other	1
reviewers	1
have	1
reported.	1
however	1
after	1
having	1
it	1
now	1
for	1
4	1
months	1
its	1
nothing	1
but	1
crap.	1
Have	1
to	1
speak	1
very	1
loudly	1
when	1
using	1
my	1
cell	1
phone3.	1
Can't	1
beat	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
money!.	1
(I	1
lost	1
the	1
first	1
one)	1
I	1
am	1
in	1
the	1
communications	1
business	1
and	1
expect	1
a	1
lot	1
from	1
my	1
equiepment	1
&	1
services.	1
Yes	1
the	1
Blue	1
Tooth	1
is	1
CRIPPLED.	1
Ordered	1
2...just	1
in	1
case	1
I	1
lost	1
one	1
again.	1
Spend	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
for	1
a	1
quality	1
product.	1
It	1
landed	1
on	1
a	1
cement	1
sidewalk,	1
remained	1
intact,	1
and	1
works	1
great.	1
The	1
only	1
issue	1
is	1
the	1
pop-out	1
microphone	1
can	1
malfunction.	1
I	1
will	1
never	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
them	1
again,	1
and	1
would	1
advise	1
against	1
it.	1
No	1
tech	1
problems	1
at	1
all	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
an	1
all	1
around	1
an	1
awesome	1
phone	1
for	1
any	1
purpose.	1
my	1
background	1
is	1
in	1
RF	1
communications	1
so	1
i	1
was	1
doubtful,	1
but	1
the	1
little	1
unit	1
really	1
does	1
a	1
great	1
job.	1
I	1
previously	1
used	1
to	1
own	1
a	1
Nokia	1
6600	1
and	1
used	1
to	1
curse	1
it	1
for	1
it	1
slow	1
response	1
and	1
big	1
size.	1
I	1
could	1
hear	1
others,	1
and	1
others	1
could	1
hear	1
me	1
fairly	1
well.	1
Needed	1
USB	1
connector	1
for	1
an	1
old	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W518a..	1
Needed	1
USB	1
connector	1
for	1
an	1
old	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W518a	1
-	1
works	1
great!	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
buying	1
an	1
extension	1
plug	1
at	1
wal-mart	1
out	1
of	1
desperation.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
gadget	1
junky.	1
man	1
this	1
phone	1
SUCKS....	1
god	1
man	1
i	1
first	1
got	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
i	1
took	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
my	1
house	1
and	1
turned	1
it	1
on	1
and	1
it	1
didnt	1
have	1
any	1
service.	1
Smart	1
Phone	1
needs	1
tweeking	1
but	1
works	1
for	1
me.	1
You	1
can	1
link	1
up	1
to	1
four	1
phones	1
at	1
one	1
time.	1
THE	1
BEST	1
P.D.A.	1
It	1
works	1
great.	1
Purchased	1
the	1
Jabra	1
BT250V	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
an	1
LG	1
VX8300	1
cell	1
phone.	1
The	1
problem	1
with	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
it	1
has	1
almost	1
no	1
bass	1
response.	1
Installing	1
is	1
a	1
real	1
B	1
+	1
itch!~	1
No	1
wonder	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
on	1
sale	1
anymore.	1
Hard	1
to	1
install.	1
The	1
colors	1
are	1
t610	1
are	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
this.6.	1
It	1
is	1
stylish	1
for	1
sure	1
and	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
Breaks	1
easily.	1
Thank	1
you	1
for	1
your	1
services.	1
Coverage	1
inside	1
is	1
good	1
in	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
house	1
including	1
basement.	1
Awesome	1
price!	1
not	1
that	1
high	1
quality,	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
wrong	1
cover.	1
awesome	1
phone.	1
My	1
old	1
headset	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
re-paired	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
turned	1
off	1
the	1
PS3.	1
I've	1
enjoyed	1
it	1
immensely	1
and	1
have	1
found	1
that	1
it's	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
With	1
Bluetooth	1
turned	1
on,	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
short.	1
I've	1
brought	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
store	1
(only	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
refurb	1
to	1
replace	1
it),	1
and	1
the	1
problem	1
persists.	1
The	1
case	1
is	1
slim,	1
so	1
it	1
fits	1
inside	1
a	1
holster	1
as	1
well,	1
although	1
that's	1
a	1
tight	1
fit.	1
The	1
noise	1
cancellation	1
still	1
didn't	1
work.Additionally,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
poor	1
when	1
using	1
the	1
ear	1
buds	1
that	1
came	1
in	1
the	1
package.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
USB	1
cable	1
just	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
ago	1
and	1
so	1
far	1
I	1
am	1
pleased	1
with	1
it.	1
Yes	1
my	1
phone	1
was	1
on	1
the	1
whole	1
time,	1
yes	1
i	1
restarted	1
it	1
during	1
the	1
three	1
days,	1
and	1
yes	1
i	1
could	1
make	1
outgoing	1
calls.	1
The	1
first	1
stopped	1
working	1
after	1
two	1
years.	1
I	1
can	1
only	1
keep	1
about	1
8-10	1
HiFi	1
Ringers	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
without	1
having	1
to	1
delete	1
a	1
few	1
other	1
things	1
from	1
it.	1
Doesn't	1
seem	1
too	1
bulky	1
and	1
seems	1
to	1
fit	1
fairly	1
secure.	1
I'm	1
pairing	1
mine	1
with	1
a	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
V3xx	1
phone	1
so	1
there	1
should	1
be	1
no	1
compatibility	1
issues.	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
old	1
cell	1
phone,	1
a	1
kyocera	1
candid	1
and	1
was	1
unable	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
newbattery	1
for	1
it	1
until	1
I	1
checked	1
Amazon.com.	1
If	1
long	1
distance	1
call	1
you	1
better	1
off	1
using	1
the	1
cell.	1
My	1
phone	1
will	1
only	1
charge	1
if	1
i	1
keep	1
the	1
charger's	1
connector	1
pressed	1
to	1
the	1
right.	1
The	1
design	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
cool.	1
Not	1
up	1
to	1
expectations	1
in	1
comfort	1
and	1
quality/Poor	1
instructions	1
and	1
tech	1
support!.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
from	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
ordered	1
2	1
combo	1
packs	1
Where	1
is	1
it?.	1
The	1
date	1
has	1
now	1
pasted	1
after	1
a	1
weeks	1
time	1
and	1
I	1
now	1
need	1
to	1
spend	1
more	1
time	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
resolved.	1
I	1
have	1
found	1
the	1
versitility	1
to	1
be	1
quite	1
good	1
and	1
especially	1
enjoy	1
connecting	1
it	1
to	1
you	1
my	1
PS3	1
for	1
online	1
gaming.	1
The	1
music	1
player,	1
while	1
it	1
may	1
not	1
be	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
a	1
dedicated	1
music	1
player,	1
is	1
excellent.	1
However,	1
at	1
the	1
highest	1
volume,	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
fairly	1
low.	1
That's	1
rediculous.	1
The	1
only	1
issues	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
is	1
with	1
the	1
amount	1
of	1
talktime	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
get	1
out	1
of	1
it.	1
Those	1
are	1
where	1
I'm	1
going	1
next.So,	1
I'm	1
rating	1
2	1
stars	1
since	1
the	1
form	1
factor	1
is	1
nice,	1
but	1
it's	1
not	1
a	1
keeper	1
so	1
that's	1
all	1
it	1
gets.	1
The	1
delivery	1
date	1
was	1
supposed	1
to	1
be	1
1/19/09.	1
When	1
I	1
returned	1
I	1
noticed	1
a	1
big	1
black	1
spot	1
on	1
my	1
external	1
screen.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
grippy	1
perforated	1
pattern	1
on	1
the	1
sides	1
to	1
make	1
holding	1
the	1
note	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
secure.	1
Dont	1
fall	1
under	1
Amazon	1
false	1
Promises.	1
When	1
I	1
went	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
a	1
day	1
before	1
my	1
contract	1
expired,	1
I	1
of	1
course	1
wanted	1
to	1
keep	1
my	1
number.	1
Sprint	1
is	1
willing	1
to	1
offer	1
a	1
replacement	1
phone	1
for	1
$35	1
or	1
a	1
new	1
keypad	1
for	1
about	1
the	1
same.	1
On	1
the	1
Igo	1
keyboard	1
hold	1
down	1
the	1
left	1
CNTRL	1
KEY,	1
The	1
BLUE	1
fn	1
key	1
and	1
the	1
GREEN	1
fn	1
key	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time9.	1
Afterwards	1
it	1
won't	1
work	1
at	1
all.I'm	1
highly	1
disappointed	1
in	1
this	1
product	1
I	1
bought.	1
Even	1
though	1
I	1
had	1
read	1
earlier	1
reviews	1
I	1
was	1
some	1
what	1
skeptical	1
of	1
it's	1
operation	1
function.	1
No	1
good	1
if	1
you	1
can't	1
transfer	1
files,	1
or	1
tether	1
to	1
the	1
computer	1
for	1
internet	1
access.	1
Very	1
convinient	1
fit	1
on	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
very	1
light.	1
What	1
a	1
deal	1
on	1
a	1
great	1
item!!	1
Even	1
when	1
the	1
signal	1
meter	1
is	1
in	1
the	1
red	1
I	1
can	1
make	1
crystal	1
clear	1
calls	1
and	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
any	1
dropped.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS,	1
pay	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
for	1
a	1
legit	1
product.	1
Additionally,	1
the	1
provided	1
foam	1
ear	1
pads	1
come	1
off	1
easily	1
(are	1
needed	1
for	1
comfort).	1
You	1
can	1
transfer	1
mp3	1
songs,	1
pics	1
and	1
any	1
other	1
files	1
easily	1
via	1
your	1
computer.	1
This	1
phone	1
was	1
acquired	1
on	1
a	1
"new	1
every	1
two"	1
plan.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
Cingular	1
service.	1
I	1
met	1
two	1
people	1
there,	1
who	1
were	1
returning	1
their	1
LG8100.	1
I	1
left	1
a	1
message	1
on	1
my	1
answering	1
machine,	1
and	1
it	1
was	1
okay	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
within	1
15	1
feet	1
of	1
the	1
USB	1
piece.	1
Fits	1
perfectly	1
and	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
worry	1
about	1
those	1
little	1
particles	1
that	1
tend	1
to	1
get	1
behind	1
your	1
other	1
cases.	1
After	1
loading	1
the	1
player	1
with	1
music	1
on	1
a	1
micro	1
SD	1
card,	1
the	1
player	1
freezes	1
after	1
playing	1
just	1
one	1
song	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
restarted.	1
I	1
haven't	1
regretted	1
my	1
decision	1
one	1
bit.	1
It	1
does	1
poorly	1
outside	1
with	1
wind	1
noise.	1
Overly	1
complicated,	1
and	1
finicky.	1
Don't	1
bother.	1
Overall	1
though,	1
i	1
love	1
it	1
so	1
far.	1
This	1
is	1
supposedly	1
less	1
damaging	1
to	1
one's	1
hearing.	1
WARNING	1
AGAINST	1
NEXTEL.	1
My	1
husband	1
has	1
a	1
motorola	1
bluetooth	1
and	1
his	1
always	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
acting	1
up.	1
I've	1
gone	1
over	1
to	1
Verizon	1
and	1
to	1
a	1
Samsung	1
phone	1
running	1
the	1
Windows	1
OS.	1
As	1
for	1
the	1
service;	1
The	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
work	1
in	1
my	1
apartment.	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
cable	1
(two	1
of	1
them	1
actually)	1
to	1
use	1
on	1
the	1
LG	1
8300.	1
A	1
first	1
class	1
product	1
which	1
will	1
give	1
you	1
first	1
class	1
results!	1
The	1
availability	1
was	1
1	1
to	1
2	1
days	1
at	1
the	1
time	1
of	1
order.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
my	1
Sansa	1
player!	1
Our	1
old	1
phone	1
works	1
just	1
fine...it	1
just	1
needed	1
a	1
new	1
battery.	1
The	1
quality	1
-	1
it's	1
so	1
refine,	1
clear,	1
and	1
top	1
quality.	1
CHEAP,	1
CHEAP,	1
CHEAP.	1
compact	1
charger.	1
The	1
charger	1
itself	1
was	1
a	1
cheap	1
replica	1
of	1
the	1
original	1
samsung	1
charger.	1
LOVE	1
PRODUCT.	1
Never	1
do	1
this	1
again	1
I	1
am	1
quite	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
battery	1
and	1
that	1
it	1
doesn't	1
need	1
constant	1
charging	1
when	1
in	1
standby	1
mode.	1
the	1
problems	1
are	1
during	1
phone	1
conversation,it	1
turn	1
off	1
by	1
itself.	1
eh..	1
this	1
gets	1
the	1
job	1
done,	1
but	1
i	1
wouldnt	1
leave	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
charger	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
Not	1
a	1
bad	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
can	1
hear	1
it	1
ring.	1
No	1
frills	1
(no	1
camera,	1
no	1
iTunes,	1
just	1
the	1
phone	1
please).	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
very	1
full,	1
with	1
crisp	1
highs	1
and	1
deep	1
bass.	1
However,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
give	1
them	1
a	1
try	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
pleasantly	1
surprised!	1
love	1
this	1
headset	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
awsome.	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
to	1
charge	1
our	1
RAZR	1
and	1
Motorola	1
V325	1
cellphones	1
when	1
they're	1
not	1
in	1
the	1
cars.	1
There	1
are	1
extra	1
user-definable	1
fields	1
for	1
additional	1
phone	1
numbers/email	1
addresses	1
besides	1
the	1
usual	1
home/office/cell	1
etc.	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
ZERO	1
rating.	1
This	1
Plantronics	1
headset	1
has	1
all	1
the	1
required	1
features	1
for	1
someone	1
who	1
needs	1
a	1
professional	1
type	1
headset	1
for	1
home	1
use.	1
This	1
one	1
sits	1
at	1
home	1
most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
and	1
still	1
need	1
recharge	1
every	1
4	1
days.	1
Looks	1
pretty	1
good	1
too,	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
blue	1
light	1
when	1
it's	1
plugged	1
into	1
the	1
phone.	1
Very	1
Limited	1
Range	1
-	1
Very	1
expensive.	1
i	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
anything	1
from	1
the	1
other	1
side.	1
Plantronics	1
Ear	1
Tips.	1
I	1
replied	1
that	1
step	1
4	1
did	1
not	1
mention	1
the	1
cloth;	1
the	1
cloth	1
was	1
not	1
called	1
for	1
until	1
step	1
5.	1
It's	1
not	1
quite	1
as	1
cool	1
looking,	1
but	1
it	1
works	1
WAY	1
better	1
and	1
it's	1
smaller.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
wait	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
weeks	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
so	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
forward	1
to	1
it.	1
When	1
the	1
glasses-attachment	1
is	1
used	1
it	1
doesn't	1
flop	1
around	1
at	1
all;	1
it	1
holds	1
firmly	1
to	1
the	1
glasses.	1
I	1
had	1
gotten	1
used	1
to	1
the	1
VX6000	1
so	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
bit	1
apprehensive	1
to	1
upgrade	1
but	1
I	1
like	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
best	1
there	1
is	1
out	1
there	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
happy	1
that	1
I	1
upgraded.	1
Cute	1
Phone	1
but	1
Slow	1
Response	1
to	1
Commands.	1
beautiful	1
phone	1
with	1
annoying	1
interface.	1
But	1
you	1
can	1
still	1
carry	1
on	1
a	1
conversation,	1
it's	1
only	1
slightly	1
annoying.	1
It	1
arrived	1
faster	1
and	1
works	1
fine	1
with	1
my	1
razr,	1
no	1
complaints.	1
A	1
big	1
mistake.	1
The	1
original	1
Palm	1
stylus	1
fits	1
so	1
that	1
the	1
end	1
is	1
perfectly	1
flush	1
to	1
the	1
Treo	1
case;	1
this	1
one	1
sticks	1
out.	1
That	1
was	1
not	1
all.	1
I	1
can	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
at	1
home	1
or	1
in	1
the	1
car	1
with	1
leaving	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
case.	1
However,	1
I	1
accidentally	1
ran	1
mine	1
through	1
the	1
washing	1
machine	1
and	1
I	1
don't	1
think	1
any	1
phone	1
can	1
withstand	1
that.	1
Xbox	1
360	1
charge	1
and	1
play	1
cord..	1
The	1
Xbox	1
charge	1
and	1
play	1
cord	1
arrive	1
very	1
fast,	1
it	1
fits	1
better	1
then	1
the	1
original	1
brand.	1
I	1
think	1
there	1
are	1
some	1
tuning	1
that	1
needs	1
to	1
happen	1
so	1
that	1
the	1
sound	1
will	1
work	1
correctly.	1
pretty	1
happy.	1
Worked	1
Great	1
For	1
My	1
Son!.	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
for	1
less	1
than	1
$20	1
on	1
ebay	1
-	1
but	1
that's	1
$20	1
wasted!	1
The	1
packaging	1
says	1
it's	1
for	1
a	1
Zen	1
Vision	1
M.	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK.	1
Amazing	1
really	1
for	1
something	1
so	1
small	1
and	1
simple.	1
The	1
cable	1
connects	1
to	1
the	1
computer	1
OK	1
but	1
will	1
not	1
connect	1
to	1
the	1
c417	1
phone.	1
Only	1
work	1
one	1
day.	1
Great	1
phone-	1
I	1
tried	1
both	1
the	1
Treo	1
650	1
and	1
the	1
Treo	1
700w.	1
These	1
people	1
had	1
a	1
great	1
idea	1
but	1
the	1
bugs	1
were	1
not	1
workedout	1
and	1
we	1
were	1
their	1
unwitting	1
test	1
subjects.	1
I	1
filed	1
for	1
tech	1
support,	1
and	1
they	1
gave	1
me	1
a	1
support	1
number	1
in	1
the	1
hundreds	1
of	1
thousands...apparently	1
they've	1
had	1
that	1
many	1
complaints.	1
The	1
only	1
good	1
thing	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
good.	1
Yes	1
I	1
really	1
reccommend	1
this	1
to	1
someone	1
who	1
needs	1
a	1
long	1
life	1
battery.	1
This	1
USB	1
cable	1
is	1
ok	1
for	1
moving	1
files	1
in	1
and	1
out.	1
Great	1
Phone!!.	1
So,	1
I	1
stopped	1
using	1
it	1
and	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
Jabra	1
250v	1
that's	1
cracked	1
up	1
and	1
dying	1
a	1
slow	1
death.	1
Then	1
we	1
purchased	1
2	1
Plantronic	1
510's!	1
Also,	1
I	1
think	1
the	1
multi-function	1
button	1
has	1
a	1
little	1
too	1
many	1
functions.	1
I'm	1
not	1
the	1
type	1
that	1
goes	1
through	1
cell	1
phones	1
quickly.	1
Before	1
receiving	1
it,	1
I	1
read	1
reviews	1
here	1
and	1
throughout	1
the	1
Internet.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
a	1
few	1
weeks	1
ago,	1
and	1
have	1
been	1
frustrated	1
ever	1
since.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
many	1
other	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
one	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
had.	1
I've	1
owned	1
13	1
different	1
phones	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
5	1
years,	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
was	1
unarguably	1
the	1
best.	1
Seimans	1
will...but	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
cut	1
off	1
an	1
arm	1
and	1
and	1
leg.Nice	1
idea	1
that	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK.	1
Overall	1
a	1
great	1
deal,	1
and	1
a	1
very	1
comftorable	1
wear.	1
Even	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
adapter	1
I	1
got	1
for	1
my	1
iPod	1
can	1
handle	1
up	1
to	1
8.	1
Cord	1
is	1
curly	1
so	1
it	1
can	1
be	1
short	1
or	1
relatively	1
long.	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
going	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
phone	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
features.	1
Instead	1
the	1
initial	1
"Owner	1
Info"	1
page	1
stays	1
up	1
and	1
you	1
can't	1
see	1
the	1
name	1
on	1
the	1
screen	1
unless	1
you	1
reach	1
down	1
and	1
tap	1
the	1
screen.	1
If	1
your	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
low	1
priced	1
headset	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
this	1
one.	1
Hook	1
up	1
is	1
simple	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
adustable	1
to	1
fit	1
many	1
different	1
phone	1
styles.	1
Because	1
there	1
have	1
been	1
many	1
fruitless	1
attempts	1
to	1
use	1
it,	1
I	1
rarely	1
do.	1
The	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
charge,	1
so	1
I	1
investigated	1
and	1
it	1
turned	1
out	1
that	1
the	1
CHEAP	1
NASTY	1
adapter-plug	1
(not	1
a	1
sony	1
product)	1
was	1
at	1
fault.	1
Then	1
apologize	1
for	1
the	1
"inconvenience".	1
The	1
one	1
that	1
doesn't	1
work	1
have	1
scratches	1
and	1
the	1
Verizon	1
letters	1
has	1
been	1
erased.	1
Simply	1
the	1
phone	1
doesnt	1
find	1
it	1
while	1
searching	1
for	1
nearby	1
bluetooth	1
devices...	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
to	1
replace	1
my	1
old	1
V3	1
RAZR	1
battery	1
which	1
wasn't	1
holding	1
much	1
of	1
a	1
charge	1
anymore.	1
There	1
are	1
many	1
better	1
products	1
out	1
there.This	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
and	1
last	1
PalmOne	1
product	1
I	1
will	1
ever	1
own.	1
Works	1
great.	1
The	1
mid-	1
and	1
high-range	1
is	1
quite	1
good,	1
for	1
the	1
most	1
part.	1
Didn't	1
last	1
very	1
long.	1
Plantronics	1
MHA100	1
Headset	1
Amplifier.	1
I	1
had	1
it	1
repaired	1
at	1
an	1
authorized	1
dealer,	1
it	1
broke	1
again	1
soon.	1
Good	1
product.	1
Better	1
than	1
OEM.	1
It's	1
not	1
difficult	1
to	1
provide	1
an	1
accurate	1
description.	1
Platinum	1
Skin	1
Case	1
w/Swivel	1
Clip	1
--LG	1
VX8300.	1
This	1
is	1
probably	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
worst	1
phones	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
purchased!	1
Make	1
sure	1
you	1
read	1
what	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
profile	1
is	1
actually	1
capable	1
of	1
doing	1
for	1
the	1
carrier	1
you	1
are	1
using	1
e.g.	1
So	1
it	1
appears.	1
!If	1
I	1
am	1
incorrect,	1
please	1
let	1
me	1
know	1
via	1
email	1
The	1
effect	1
is	1
similar	1
to	1
pumping	1
a	1
book	1
on	1
tape	1
loudly	1
through	1
badly	1
blown	1
speakers.	1
It	1
might	1
be	1
similar	1
to	1
those	1
so	1
many	1
deceptive	1
advertisements	1
where	1
returning	1
is	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
it	1
already	1
cost	1
you.	1
There	1
comes	1
the	1
noise.	1
I	1
go	1
between	1
loving	1
the	1
wing	1
and	1
occassionally	1
wanting	1
to	1
throw	1
it	1
out	1
the	1
window.	1
As	1
Sprint	1
phones	1
go,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
dandy	1
and	1
I've	1
upgraded	1
three	1
times.	1
For	1
the	1
most	1
part,	1
people	1
can't	1
tell	1
that	1
I'm	1
on	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
headset!The	1
Pros	1
The	1
volume	1
control	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
control.	1
Finally	1
someone	1
has	1
designed	1
a	1
compact	1
device	1
to	1
attach	1
to	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Appears	1
as	1
5-Stars,	1
But	1
is	1
Actually	1
1-Star	1
Worthy.	1
It's	1
very	1
soft.	1
Received	1
headset	1
for	1
xmas,	1
but	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
properly	1
with	1
my	1
computer.	1
Which	1
is	1
not	1
very	1
often.	1
Works	1
well.	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
on	1
a	1
GalaxySII,	1
it	1
was	1
very	1
tight	1
fitting.	1
Are	1
we	1
supposed	1
to	1
stand	1
there	1
with	1
a	1
stopwatch	1
for	1
two	1
hours?	1
I	1
checked	1
online	1
and	1
lots	1
of	1
people	1
are	1
complaining	1
about	1
the	1
same	1
so	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
generic	1
compatibility	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
Pearl.	1
Pretty	1
good.	1
If	1
you	1
home	1
is	1
not	1
high	1
enough	1
you	1
are	1
screwed.	1
I	1
did	1
receive	1
the	1
new	1
software	1
version	1
1.300	1
and	1
here	1
are	1
my	1
comments:Reception	1
(9/10)On	1
my	1
original	1
software	1
version	1
reception	1
was	1
horrible.	1
I	1
really	1
only	1
wanted	1
a	1
car	1
charger	1
but	1
the	1
extra	1
items	1
are	1
a	1
great	1
bonus.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
has	1
absolutely	1
everything	1
I	1
need	1
I	1
would	1
shop	1
around	1
for	1
a	1
different	1
phone.Signed	1
with	1
out	1
a	1
phone	1
This	1
cord	1
is	1
cheap	1
in	1
price	1
and	1
cheap	1
in	1
quality.	1
After	1
going	1
through	1
the	1
complete	1
installation	1
and	1
bluetooth	1
pairing	1
routine,	1
there	1
were	1
intermittent	1
data	1
losses	1
while	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Well	1
it	1
just	1
means	1
the	1
phone	1
has	1
two	1
screens.	1
I	1
shouldnt	1
even	1
be	1
sold	1
by	1
Amazon.	1
You	1
will	1
be	1
shocked	1
at	1
the	1
collection	1
of	1
dust	1
particles	1
on	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
this	1
case.	1
The	1
case	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
on	1
the	1
stiff	1
side	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
wipe	1
off	1
excessive	1
glue	1
that	1
comes	1
off	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
Something	1
to	1
think	1
about!	1
I	1
think	1
they	1
sent	1
me	1
a	1
bad	1
one	1
,	1
don't	1
think	1
it	1
was	1
Motorola	1
because	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
product	1
.	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE!	1
If	1
you	1
do	1
not	1
have	1
an	1
attic,	1
you	1
are	1
screwed.	1
Volume	1
problems	1
on	1
both	1
ends.	1
All	1
3	1
items	1
worked	1
with	1
my	1
Nokia	1
6103.	1
I	1
applied	1
another	1
coat	1
the	1
next	1
day	1
&	1
still	1
nothing	1
happened.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
time	1
I've	1
purchased	1
this	1
case	1
(first	1
one	1
was	1
stolen).	1
Definitely	1
a	1
decent	1
deal,	1
and	1
get	1
more	1
than	1
one.	1
One	1
of	1
my	1
best	1
phone	1
experiences	1
ever.	1
My	1
Dream	1
Phone.	1
Maybe	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
spent	1
more	1
because	1
at	1
this	1
rate--it's	1
junk.	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
my	1
5th	1
one.	1
The	1
operating	1
system	1
frequently	1
locks	1
up,	1
leading	1
to	1
missed	1
calls.	1
It	1
gives	1
you	1
3	1
earpieces	1
to	1
choose	1
from	1
for	1
the	1
best	1
fit.Pairing	1
with	1
the	1
PS3	1
was	1
simple.	1
I've	1
never	1
experienced	1
something	1
like	1
this.	1
the	1
problem	1
is	1
if	1
you	1
keep	1
it	1
swivelled	1
90	1
degrees,	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
the	1
support	1
that	1
is	1
does	1
at	1
0.	1
Nice	1
product,	1
simple	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
generally	1
gig	1
person.	1
After	1
that	1
you	1
get	1
a	1
message	1
saying	1
that	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
purchase	1
a	1
Nero	1
mp3PRO	1
encoder	1
plugin.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
Motorola	1
T	1
305	1
hands	1
free	1
speaker	1
to	1
give	1
to	1
my	1
husband	1
as	1
a	1
Christmas	1
gift.	1
This	1
is	1
unacceptable.	1
A	1
Great	1
Alternative	1
Charger.	1
Loud	1
and	1
clear	1
in	1
most	1
all	1
situations.	1
I	1
don't	1
even	1
use	1
it!.	1
However	1
not	1
all	1
the	1
holes	1
line	1
up	1
perfectly	1
making	1
charging	1
to	1
be	1
somewhat	1
difficult.	1
Better	1
off	1
saving	1
your	1
money	1
and	1
buying	1
a	1
regular	1
cord.	1
Slight	1
Hiccup	1
Installing..	1
Installing	1
the	1
two	1
cover	1
pieces	1
was	1
easy	1
and	1
almost	1
instantaneous.	1
Motorola	1
Car	1
Adaptor.	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
idea	1
that	1
Microsoft	1
expects	1
users	1
to	1
remember	1
the	1
Windows	1
desktop	1
shortcuts	1
to	1
perform	1
basic	1
functions	1
on	1
their	1
Windows	1
phones.3.	1
Everytime	1
I	1
talked	1
to	1
him	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
keep	1
asking	1
him	1
what	1
he	1
said	1
at	1
least	1
3	1
times.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
device	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned	1
that	1
had	1
a	1
USB	1
port	1
and	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
It	1
just	1
doesn't	1
work	1
well.	1
In	1
other	1
words	1
48	1
hours	1
stand-by	1
and	1
one	1
and	1
half	1
hours	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
It	1
does	1
those	1
things	1
in	1
a	1
satisfactory	1
manner.The	1
call	1
quality	1
is	1
rather	1
good,	1
certainly	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
old	1
Samsung	1
flip	1
phone.	1
It	1
seems	1
it's	1
not	1
worth	1
ordering	1
anything	1
when	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
have	1
these	1
additional	1
expenses	1
plus	1
the	1
dissatisfaction.Motorola	1
H700	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
This	1
was	1
much	1
easier	1
than	1
bringing	1
my	1
stereo	1
into	1
my	1
office	1
from	1
the	1
living	1
room.	1
Although	1
not	1
a	1
"factory	1
brand	1
name"	1
battery,	1
it	1
works	1
just	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
did	1
some	1
research	1
and	1
decided	1
that	1
the	1
Jawbone	1
was	1
the	1
best,	1
and	1
after	1
owning	1
it	1
and	1
using	1
it	1
quite	1
often	1
for	1
my	1
job,	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
to	1
agree.	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
skeptic	1
at	1
first	1
but	1
when	1
i	1
used	1
it	1
i	1
was	1
surprised	1
on	1
how	1
well	1
it	1
works!	1
it	1
also	1
works	1
fine	1
with	1
a	1
silicone	1
skin	1
on	1
the	1
iPod.	1
I	1
had	1
hoped	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
deal,	1
a	1
good	1
headset	1
for	1
around	1
$30.	1
The	1
MP3	1
player	1
sounds	1
good.	1
They	1
will	1
not	1
access	1
the	1
mp3	1
player	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
Overall	1
would	1
buy	1
again.	1
Whomever	1
invented	1
the	1
"on"	1
light	1
should	1
be	1
shot.	1
However,	1
now	1
it	1
appears	1
that	1
this	1
policy	1
is	1
changed	1
for	1
new	1
accounts.	1
It's	1
fast	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
It	1
also	1
had	1
many	1
problems	1
which	1
are	1
rectified	1
by	1
this	1
new	1
phone.The	1
good	1
features	1
which	1
are	1
carried	1
over:1.	1
This	1
gotta	1
be	1
the	1
worst	1
prepaid	1
card	1
you	1
can	1
find	1
anywhere.	1
After	1
what	1
some	1
people	1
said,	1
I	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
apprehensive	1
when	1
I	1
finally	1
ordered	1
it.	1
Bait	1
and	1
Switch.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
as	1
part	1
of	1
a	1
package,	1
so	1
it	1
only	1
ended	1
up	1
costing	1
about	1
1-2	1
dollars.	1
Bought	1
5	1
-	1
4	1
broke.	1
I	1
love	1
not	1
dealing	1
with	1
tangling	1
wires	1
and	1
the	1
Amazon	1
price	1
was	1
$20	1
less	1
than	1
ordering	1
fromthe	1
manufacturer.	1
YES,	1
MICROPHONEWORKS	1
WELL.	1
I	1
tried	1
syncing	1
my	1
email	1
to	1
an	1
Exchange	1
server	1
which	1
works	1
great.	1
The	1
2.5mm	1
jack	1
looks	1
and	1
fits	1
okay,	1
but	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
guess	1
over	1
time,	1
I	1
will	1
get	1
used	1
to	1
talking	1
a	1
bit	1
louder.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
tried	1
the	1
other	1
new	1
Motorola	1
headsets	1
such	1
the	1
H670,	1
H500	1
and	1
H300.	1
Works	1
Great	1
with	1
Blackberry	1
8700c.	1
quit	1
working	1
correctly	1
after	1
one	1
week.	1
To	1
make	1
matters	1
worse,	1
the	1
clip	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
it	1
tears	1
the	1
outter	1
insulation	1
on	1
the	1
wire	1
apart.	1
Small,	1
efficient,	1
works.	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
wearing	1
a	1
blue	1
tooth	1
in	1
my	1
ear,	1
so	1
I	1
heard	1
about	1
this	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
good!	1
Only	1
minor	1
problem	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
little	1
too	1
heavy.	1
Everything	1
you'd	1
expect.	1
If	1
I	1
lose	1
or	1
break	1
this	1
one,	1
I	1
will	1
buy	1
2	1
the	1
next	1
time	1
just	1
to	1
have	1
a	1
spare.	1
Good	1
Stylus.	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
I'm	1
pretty	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
Razr,	1
my	1
son	1
got	1
my	1
old	1
Chocolate	1
Touch,	1
so	1
I	1
gave	1
him	1
the	1
headset	1
also	1
and	1
he	1
uses	1
it	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
the	1
Razor	1
models	1
break	1
at	1
the	1
drop	1
of	1
a	1
hat.	1
It	1
fits	1
well,	1
even	1
if	1
you	1
can't	1
easily	1
see	1
the	1
physics	1
of	1
how	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
from	1
the	1
images.	1
And	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
comfortable	1
as	1
I've	1
worn	1
it	1
for	1
periods	1
over	1
1	1
hour	1
and	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
any	1
irritation.	1
The	1
only	1
negative	1
so	1
far	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
doesn't	1
seem	1
to	1
last	1
quite	1
as	1
long	1
between	1
charges	1
(based	1
on	1
my	1
general	1
usage	1
level)	1
as	1
my	1
old	1
battery.	1
3rd	1
times	1
a	1
charm?.	1
Finally	1
someone	1
with	1
a	1
decent	1
idea.	1
The	1
Palm	1
Pilot	1
Graffiti	1
interface	1
and	1
touch	1
screen	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
are	1
perfect!	1
I	1
can	1
recharge	1
while	1
driving	1
to	1
my	1
destination.Highly	1
recommended.	1
Product	1
is	1
of	1
good	1
quality	1
and	1
more	1
importantly,	1
when	1
there	1
was	1
an	1
issue	1
to	1
the	1
delivery	1
(a	1
bit	1
late),	1
the	1
seller	1
was	1
very	1
accommodating.	1
They	1
fit	1
comfortably	1
in	1
the	1
ear	1
and	1
come	1
in	1
3	1
different	1
sizes	1
for	1
a	1
more	1
custom	1
fit.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
clearly	1
a	1
marketing	1
gimmick.	1
Don't	1
blame	1
me..	1
I	1
broke	1
this	1
after	1
2	1
months'	1
use;	1
I'm	1
retiring	1
and	1
don't	1
use	1
mobile	1
phone	1
too	1
much...so,	1
you	1
better	1
go	1
with	1
a	1
metal	1
one.	1
TMobile	1
is	1
by	1
far	1
the	1
worst.	1
Its	1
a	1
good	1
durable	1
phone	1
i	1
dropped	1
it	1
couple	1
times	1
but	1
now	1
when	1
i	1
flip	1
the	1
screen	1
the	1
screen	1
just	1
stays	1
black.	1
Wish	1
I'd	1
seen	1
this	1
review	1
before	1
I	1
spent	1
$40	1
on	1
it	1
at	1
the	1
Verizon	1
Wireless	1
store.	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
cover.	1
)The	1
speakerphone	1
unit	1
looked	1
like	1
a	1
perfect	1
fit.	1
The	1
Scala	1
has	1
more	1
of	1
a	1
floppy	1
feel	1
to	1
it	1
because	1
the	1
weight	1
is	1
beside	1
your	1
ear,	1
but	1
my	1
wife	1
doesn't	1
mind	1
that	1
since	1
she	1
only	1
wears	1
it	1
when	1
driving.	1
It	1
allows	1
you	1
to	1
reach	1
the	1
keys,	1
but	1
protects	1
the	1
display	1
from	1
scratches	1
and/or	1
breakage.	1
Mine	1
cracked	1
within	1
a	1
week,	1
and	1
yes	1
I	1
knew	1
about	1
the	1
problem	1
beforehand	1
and	1
was	1
very	1
careful.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
sturdy,	1
but	1
also	1
a	1
little	1
heavier	1
than	1
should	1
be	1
for	1
a	1
phone	1
its	1
size.	1
What	1
more	1
can	1
anyone	1
possibly	1
ask	1
of	1
a	1
phone	1
case?	1
Poor	1
quality	1
metal	1
in	1
the	1
earhooks	1
-	1
The	1
earhook	1
assembly	1
is	1
made	1
out	1
of	1
very	1
cheap	1
metal.	1
I	1
sent	1
it	1
back	1
within	1
30	1
days	1
and	1
paid	1
nearly	1
$270	1
cash	1
for	1
a	1
Motorola	1
V557,	1
and	1
have	1
no	1
regrets;	1
its	1
display	1
looks	1
like	1
a	1
TV	1
compared	1
to	1
this	1
thing.	1
They	1
arrived	1
quickly	1
and	1
work.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
getting	1
started.	1
Isn't	1
that	1
what	1
we	1
need	1
this	1
thing	1
for???	1
No	1
complaints	1
with	1
those	1
I	1
communicate	1
with	1
&	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
voices	1
clearly.	1
Great	1
battery.	1
Great	1
phone	1
at	1
a	1
great	1
price..	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
from	1
Best	1
Buy	1
on	1
11/26/04	1
on	1
sale	1
for	1
$49.99	1
with	1
a	1
one-year	1
contract.	1
Comfortable	1
but	1
what	1
good	1
is	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
can't	1
hear.	1
Pretty	1
basic.	1
Ordinary	1
BT	1
headset!.	1
Clearly,	1
Cingular	1
intends	1
you	1
to	1
buy	1
every	1
little	1
thing	1
for	1
this	1
phone	1
instead	1
of	1
customizing	1
it	1
yourself.	1
Extremely	1
happy	1
with	1
shippment	1
and	1
price	1
of	1
product.	1
Phone	1
gets	1
frozen	1
or	1
automatically	1
switches	1
off	1
every	1
4-5	1
days.	1
However,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
remove	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
the	1
holder	1
in	1
order	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
phone.	1
Looks	1
Pretty....	1
I	1
was	1
excited	1
to	1
find	1
the	1
H500	1
cheap	1
on	1
another	1
site,	1
so	1
I	1
quickly	1
snapped	1
it	1
up.	1
Plantronics	1
blue	1
tooth.	1
junk,	1
do	1
not	1
buy.	1
Not	1
recommended.	1
The	1
phone	1
went	1
dead	1
after	1
less	1
than	1
three	1
months....	1
I	1
bought	1
an	1
unlocked	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
K790a	1
on	1
April	1
27.	1
Excellent	1
Product!	1
Loud	1
and	1
clear	1
speaker.	1
works	1
fine	1
on	1
Motorola	1
325.	1
The	1
BT500	1
is	1
light	1
weight,	1
comfortable,	1
people	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
can't	1
tell	1
I'm	1
on	1
"hands	1
free".	1
V9	1
MOTOROLA	1
RAZR.	1
I	1
traveled	1
through	1
half	1
of	1
Florida	1
this	1
passed	1
weekend	1
and	1
had	1
no	1
problems	1
making	1
or	1
receiving	1
calls.	1
I	1
am	1
achieving	1
the	1
same	1
talk	1
and	1
standby	1
time	1
as	1
my	1
original	1
batteries	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
Excellent	1
product	1
-	1
it	1
was	1
exactly	1
what	1
I	1
needed	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
phone	1
working	1
again.	1
Also,	1
it	1
smudged	1
the	1
screen	1
almost	1
as	1
much	1
as	1
my	1
finger	1
does.	1
I	1
love	1
it	1
so	1
much	1
when,	1
having	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
just	1
two	1
weeks	1
and	1
accidentally	1
immersing	1
it	1
in	1
seawater	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
died,	1
I	1
bought	1
another	1
one.	1
I	1
only	1
write	1
reviews	1
for	1
things	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
or	1
really	1
hate	1
and	1
this	1
falls	1
in	1
the	1
latter	1
category.	1
It	1
will	1
hang	1
the	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
try	1
to	1
use	1
too	1
many	1
applications	1
(like	1
2	1
or	1
3!)	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
superb-people	1
you're	1
speaking	1
with	1
always	1
think	1
you're	1
using	1
the	1
handset,	1
even	1
in	1
windy	1
conditions.	1
Does	1
what	1
it's	1
supposed	1
to	1
do.	1
The	1
ear	1
piece	1
was	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
but	1
slipped	1
down	1
my	1
face	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
poor	1
design	1
of	1
the	1
"gel"	1
connection	1
to	1
the	1
device.	1
I	1
was	1
tired	1
of	1
bad	1
bluetooth	1
technology	1
this	1
one	1
works	1
GREAT	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
a	1
cellular	1
phone	1
but	1
I	1
take	1
my	1
Sidekick	1
II	1
everywhere.	1
It	1
was	1
all	1
great	1
until	1
i	1
tried	1
out	1
the	1
web	1
browser.	1
I	1
considered	1
several	1
but	1
finally	1
chose	1
the	1
Jabra	1
A210	1
along	1
with	1
the	1
BT250	1
Jabra	1
headset.	1
And	1
the	1
worst	1
is,	1
that	1
the	1
main	1
cable	1
came	1
defective.	1
The	1
x3	1
performs	1
great	1
with	1
my	1
Verizon	1
LG	1
vx8300,	1
including	1
controlling	1
the	1
voice	1
command	1
features.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
downgrade	1
my	1
phone	1
recently,	1
as	1
I	1
needed	1
some	1
cash	1
and	1
my	1
Treo	1
was	1
more	1
of	1
a	1
luxury	1
than	1
a	1
necessity.	1
The	1
arrival	1
was	1
not	1
as	1
speedy	1
as	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
preferred	1
but,	1
good	1
things	1
come	1
to	1
those	1
that	1
wait.	1
Excellent	1
purchase!	1
nice	1
product.	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
headphones.	1
I	1
imagine	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
ideal	1
for	1
lectures,	1
for	1
taking	1
minutes	1
during	1
meetings,	1
etc.	1
I	1
am	1
a	1
vey	1
particular	1
consumer.	1
Now	1
for	1
the	1
negatives.	1
Nevermind	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
two	1
features	1
I	1
don't	1
need	1
and	1
probably	1
won't	1
use	1
much	1
(the	1
camera	1
and	1
the	1
Walkman).	1
I	1
am	1
writing	1
this	1
to	1
set	1
the	1
record	1
straight.	1
I	1
picked	1
up	1
this	1
battery	1
and	1
must	1
say	1
that	1
thus	1
far	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
estatic	1
with	1
its	1
performance.	1
That's	1
all	1
the	1
caller	1
hears	1
when	1
you	1
use	1
the	1
headset.	1
Every	1
time	1
I'm	1
on	1
a	1
call	1
people	1
have	1
issues	1
hearing	1
me,	1
and	1
complain	1
that	1
it	1
sounds	1
like	1
I	1
am	1
fading	1
in	1
and	1
out.	1
In	1
retrospect,	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
gotten	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
ear	1
devices.	1
Maybe	1
my	1
ear	1
is	1
smaller	1
--	1
it	1
does	1
fit	1
mine	1
perfectly.	1
I've	1
tried	1
several	1
different	1
brands	1
&	1
styles	1
from	1
LG,	1
Motorola	1
and	1
Samsung.	1
Ringer	1
-	1
NOT	1
loud	1
enough.	1
Nice	1
sound	1
-	1
would	1
have	1
been	1
great	1
if	1
my	1
mobile	1
was	1
capable	1
of	1
syncing	1
to	1
it.	1
Best	1
Hands-Free	1
Kit	1
I've	1
Seen.	1
Also,	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
occastional	1
delay	1
when	1
browsing	1
through	1
the	1
menues.	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
clip	1
on	1
my	1
Nokia	1
6160	1
for	1
around	1
two	1
years	1
and	1
would	1
not	1
replace	1
it	1
for	1
anything!	1
Many	1
times	1
the	1
switch	1
has	1
been	1
accidentally	1
turned	1
on	1
to	1
talk	1
or	1
monitor	1
while	1
in	1
my	1
toolbag,	1
resulting	1
in	1
a	1
dead	1
battery	1
when	1
I	1
need	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Hopefully	1
this	1
battery	1
will	1
last	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
the	1
last	1
one	1
did.	1
I	1
just	1
want	1
a	1
simple	1
ring	1
and	1
it	1
couldnt	1
offer	1
me	1
that	1
so	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
recording	1
the	1
ring	1
from	1
my	1
old	1
Motorola	1
and	1
now	1
I	1
am	1
satisfied.	1
you	1
almost	1
have	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
phone	1
1)	1
within	1
about	1
6	1
feet	1
of	1
you	1
and	1
2)	1
have	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
same	1
side	1
of	1
your	1
body	1
as	1
the	1
jabra.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
a	1
few	1
years	1
ago	1
but	1
friends/family	1
had	1
trouble	1
hearing	1
me.	1
For	1
those	1
of	1
you	1
that	1
are	1
looking	1
at	1
the	1
Apple	1
"product'	1
and	1
are	1
desperate	1
enough	1
to	1
use	1
ATT,	1
let	1
me	1
say	1
one	1
thing.	1
i	1
received	1
the	1
cord	1
&	1
cd	1
with	1
no	1
instructions.	1
Then	1
they	1
released	1
a	1
candy	1
bar	1
equivalent	1
(SLVR),	1
and	1
then	1
improved	1
on	1
the	1
RAZR's	1
lines	1
with	1
the	1
stylish	1
clamshell	1
PEBL.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
set	1
to	1
anyone.Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
with	1
Multipoint	1
Technology	1
[Retail	1
Packaged]	1
Have	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
while	1
now	1
and	1
it's	1
still	1
working	1
great.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
heavy	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
does	1
not	1
stay	1
in	1
your	1
ear,	1
it	1
dangles.	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
not	1
recognized	1
by	1
some	1
versions	1
of	1
the	1
BB	1
OS.	1
I	1
have	1
many	1
electronic	1
devices	1
and	1
this	1
was	1
yet	1
another	1
tip	1
for	1
my	1
iGo	1
system.	1
this	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
sony	1
ericssons	1
first	1
Walkman	1
phones.	1
With	1
all	1
cell	1
phones,	1
reception	1
and	1
dropped	1
calls	1
are	1
dependent	1
on	1
the	1
network	1
and	1
the	1
coverage	1
where	1
you	1
use	1
the	1
phone.	1
Then	1
they	1
cancelled	1
my	1
order,	1
and	1
would	1
not	1
refund	1
the	1
shipment	1
money	1
paid.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
one	1
dirt	1
cheap	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
just	1
as	1
well.	1
By-the-way,	1
the	1
refund	1
process	1
with	1
Amazon	1
is	1
lightning	1
fast	1
and	1
painless!	1
It	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
the	1
magical	1
noise	1
cancelling	1
it	1
claimed.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
looking	1
for	1
this	1
design	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
time,	1
and	1
am	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
purchase.	1
You	1
only	1
need	1
to	1
spend	1
$20	1
every	1
90	1
days.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
little	1
thing	1
for	1
about	1
15	1
days.	1
this	1
eats	1
the	1
battery	1
up,	1
but	1
is	1
a	1
fun	1
distraction.	1
I	1
initially	1
liked	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
its	1
odd	1
shape	1
and	1
exciting	1
features,	1
but	1
now	1
I	1
regret	1
my	1
purchase	1
altogether.	1
She	1
was	1
so	1
excited	1
until	1
she	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
If	1
you	1
own	1
a	1
T-Mobile	1
Dash,	1
HTC-S620	1
or	1
HTC-S621,	1
this	1
combo	1
works	1
fine.	1
Now,	1
I'm	1
looking	1
around,	1
and	1
see	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
more	1
choices.	1
If	1
only	1
I	1
could	1
give	1
zero	1
stars	1
.....	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
when	1
I	1
switched	1
services,	1
since	1
I've	1
had	1
such	1
good	1
experience	1
with	1
other	1
Motorola	1
phones.	1
Used	1
to	1
listen	1
to	1
podcasts,	1
very	1
nice.	1
As	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
my	1
wife	1
on	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
Explorer	1
320	1
she	1
is	1
quite	1
happy	1
--	1
she	1
hears	1
me	1
fine.	1
I	1
took	1
it	1
to	1
a	1
retailer	1
and	1
spoke	1
to	1
AT&T	1
Customer	1
Service	1
who	1
were	1
unable	1
to	1
figure	1
out	1
what	1
the	1
issue	1
could	1
be.	1
Lots	1
of	1
echo	1
on	1
receiving	1
phone	1
line.	1
It	1
wasn't	1
until	1
my	1
best	1
friend	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
she	1
needed	1
a	1
earpiece	1
but	1
didn't	1
have	1
the	1
money	1
to	1
dish	1
out	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
one	1
just	1
yet.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money!	1
great	1
phone	1
overall--speaker	1
problem.	1
The	1
voice	1
quality	1
is	1
neither	1
better	1
nor	1
worst	1
than	1
before.	1
Everything	1
lined	1
up	1
pretty	1
much	1
the	1
way	1
you	1
need;	1
display,	1
charger	1
outlet,	1
etc.	1
People	1
I	1
talk	1
with	1
sometimes	1
could	1
not	1
hear	1
what	1
I	1
am	1
saying.	1
She	1
recently	1
got	1
the	1
Nokia	1
3595.	1
Hope	1
you	1
have	1
more	1
luck	1
than	1
I	1
do.	1
Great	1
phone	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
15.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
you	1
can	1
hear	1
calls	1
nicely.	1
The	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
fits	1
for	1
small	1
ears.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
this	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
turns	1
itself	1
off	1
after	1
5	1
minutes	1
of	1
inactivity.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
the	1
wrong	1
model,	1
but	1
it	1
fit	1
great	1
other	1
then	1
having	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
little	1
cut	1
for	1
the	1
camera	1
sensor.	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
product	1
and	1
would	1
buy	1
it	1
again.	1
Because	1
it	1
happened	1
a	1
couple	1
more	1
times,	1
I	1
took	1
it	1
back	1
to	1
Best	1
Buy	1
and	1
requested	1
an	1
exchange.	1
Beside	1
this	1
it	1
has	1
good	1
speaker	1
phone,	1
ofcouse	1
the	1
camera	1
is	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
T610.	1
The	1
phone	1
arrived	1
within	1
a	1
week	1
of	1
purchase.	1
Blue	1
tooth.	1
Look	1
elsewhere	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
flip	1
phone.	1
Not	1
to	1
take	1
5	1
mega	1
pixel	1
picture	1
of	1
a	1
mountain	1
or	1
to	1
browse	1
webistes	1
for	1
free	1
deals.	1
Bottom	1
line	1
is	1
I	1
shouln't	1
have	1
to	1
rely	1
on	1
3rd	1
party	1
software	1
to	1
hack	1
my	1
own	1
phone	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
the	1
way	1
i	1
want	1
it.Perhaps	1
Nokia	1
has	1
spoiled	1
me.	1
Please	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
case.	1
A	1
chink	1
in	1
the	1
armor!.	1
The	1
Tiny	1
i730.	1
Description	1
is	1
Misleading.	1
Waste	1
of	1
money...doesn't	1
really	1
fit	1
the	1
iphone	1
as	1
described.	1
Then	1
after	1
another	1
week	1
or	1
so	1
I	1
received	1
complaints	1
that	1
I	1
could	1
hardly	1
be	1
heard.	1
nice	1
case!.	1
You	1
can't	1
have	1
too	1
high	1
expectations	1
for	1
such	1
a	1
cheap	1
headset.	1
super	1
cool!!!!.	1
Keeps	1
loosing	1
pairing.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
works	1
as	1
advertised.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
1100mAH	1
Lithium	1
Ion	1
battery	1
instead	1
and	1
it	1
won't	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
Pass	1
these	1
up....	1
Very	1
poor	1
design.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
a	1
truck	1
driver	1
for	1
44	1
years	1
and	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
thing	1
to	1
come	1
along	1
since	1
diesel	1
fuel.	1
My	1
boyfriend	1
and	1
I	1
each	1
got	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
in	1
the	1
hopes	1
that	1
it	1
would	1
end	1
our	1
search	1
for	1
a	1
good	1
bluetooth	1
headset.	1
The	1
only	1
bad	1
thing	1
about	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
ringtones	1
it	1
came	1
with.	1
Of	1
course,	1
it	1
has	1
bluetooth,	1
so	1
any	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
will	1
work.	1
It	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
connect	1
automatically	1
to	1
the	1
RAZR	1
like	1
the	1
H500	1
does.	1
It	1
will	1
create	1
another	1
line	1
of	1
the	1
same	1
name	1
if	1
you	1
type	1
in	1
their	1
other	1
phone	1
numbers.	1
It's	1
a	1
flop.	1
Reviews	1
rated	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
version	1
highly.	1
It	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
proof-of-concept	1
test	1
...	1
the	1
screen	1
doesn't	1
have	1
one	1
scratch	1
on	1
it	1
after	1
I	1
was	1
done.	1
It	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
stand.	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
difficulty	1
with	1
the	1
bumpers	1
though	1
as	1
it	1
seems	1
durable	1
and	1
well-made.	1
I	1
think	1
this	1
was	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
investments	1
I've	1
made	1
recently.	1
S9	1
is	1
worthless.	1
This	1
charger	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
But	1
it	1
certainly	1
gets	1
the	1
job	1
done,	1
which	1
is	1
why	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
must	1
buy	1
for	1
those	1
who	1
want	1
to	1
protect	1
their	1
IPod.	1
I	1
give	1
them	1
zero	1
stars!	1
I've	1
been	1
as	1
far	1
away	1
as	1
40ft	1
from	1
the	1
device	1
and	1
it	1
continues	1
working.	1
A	1
Must	1
have	1
for	1
The	1
Stiletto.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
had	1
any	1
complaints	1
from	1
those	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
while	1
using	1
it.	1
But	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
charging	1
the	1
Ericsson	1
battery,	1
it	1
is	1
just	1
too	1
slow.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
March	1
and	1
after	1
a	1
month	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
it.	1
i	1
received	1
my	1
car	1
charger	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
never	1
worked.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
an	1
easy	1
time	1
though	1
and	1
I	1
couldn't	1
find	1
any	1
tips	1
to	1
help.	1
In	1
a	1
moving	1
car,	1
you're	1
nearly	1
unintelligible.	1
Think	1
twice	1
before	1
ordering	1
it	1
this	1
was	1
an	1
enormous	1
waste	1
of	1
time	1
for	1
me.	1
All	1
of	1
the	1
advertisement	1
says	1
works	1
with	1
Motorola	1
phones.	1
W710	1
with	1
no	1
problem.	1
The	1
phone	1
only	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
128k	1
micro	1
sd	1
memory	1
card	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
come	1
with	1
the	1
stereo	1
headset.	1
Fantastic	1
BlueTooth	1
Headset.	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
W810i	1
in	1
June,	1
and	1
got	1
it	1
only	1
a	1
couple	1
days	1
later.	1
A	1
Yugo	1
is	1
5*	1
compared..	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
on	1
my	1
4th	1
700wxphone	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
huge	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
Sometimes	1
the	1
phone	1
shuts	1
itself	1
off.	1
Maybe	1
they	1
should	1
blame	1
the	1
service	1
provider	1
instead	1
of	1
the	1
cellphone.	1
You	1
can	1
buy	1
one	1
off	1
eBay	1
for	1
under	1
$20,	1
though.	1
No	1
problems	1
at	1
All.	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
install	1
and	1
I'm	1
not	1
new	1
to	1
computing.	1
Do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
case	1
look	1
around	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
one	1
It(the	1
Case	1
itself)	1
looks	1
nice,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
durable.	1
NOT	1
WORTH	1
IT,	1
might	1
as	1
well	1
get	1
up	1
yourself....	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
remote	1
for	1
my	1
iH5	1
version.	1
I	1
am	1
impressed	1
with	1
this	1
phone!	1
They	1
will	1
not	1
even	1
do	1
that	1
for	1
me.	1
Although	1
it	1
had	1
to	1
be	1
reset	1
once	1
it	1
was	1
worth	1
it.	1
I	1
upgraded	1
to	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
my	1
boyfriend	1
bought	1
it	1
first	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
impressed.	1
The	1
one	1
I	1
got	1
was	1
ok	1
but	1
I'd	1
rather	1
a	1
different	1
one.	1
Bought	1
for	1
my	1
Mom,	1
had	1
never	1
used	1
headset.	1
I	1
like	1
it	1
so	1
much	1
that	1
I	1
bought	1
an	1
extra	1
---	1
just	1
in	1
case.	1
Good	1
range	1
15-30'.	1
Although	1
the	1
headphone's	1
are	1
very	1
nice	1
they	1
do	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
all	1
LG	1
phones.	1
The	1
phone	1
had	1
always	1
had	1
small	1
problems.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
good	1
voice	1
quality	1
but	1
i	1
have	1
very	1
poor	1
service	1
where	1
i	1
live	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
service	1
towers.	1
Not	1
a	1
comfortable	1
phone	1
to	1
use.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
The	1
silver	1
mist	1
is	1
my	1
favorite	1
right	1
now	1
because	1
it	1
gives	1
my	1
m100	1
a	1
professional,	1
but	1
fun	1
look.	1
I	1
also	1
attempted	1
to	1
make	1
a	1
request	1
on	1
Samsung's	1
service	1
website,	1
which	1
also	1
would	1
not	1
function	1
correctly.	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
bought	1
this	1
sooner.	1
These	1
items	1
worked	1
perfectly	1
with	1
my	1
LG	1
Shine.	1
I	1
went	1
from	1
1	1
bar	1
inside	1
my	1
house	1
to	1
4	1
bars.	1
The	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
barely	1
audible,	1
and	1
one	1
is	1
better	1
off	1
putting	1
a	1
regular	1
call	1
on	1
the	1
highest	1
volume.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
good,	1
solid	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
you	1
pay.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
single	1
level	1
house(1650sq.ft.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
because	1
Ericsson	1
does	1
not	1
allow	1
standard	1
headsets	1
to	1
plug	1
into	1
the	1
T28W,	1
but	1
thats	1
another	1
problem.	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
new	1
Samsung	1
GSM	1
phone	1
that	1
is	1
equipped	1
with	1
MP3	1
and	1
Bluetooth.	1
At	1
least	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
any....	1
My	1
problem	1
with	1
BT	1
headsets	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
booms	1
tend	1
to	1
be	1
too	1
short,	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
no	1
different.	1
Most	1
off-brand	1
phone	1
charger	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
bought	1
have	1
ruined	1
my	1
phone.	1
It	1
would	1
be	1
nice	1
if	1
this	1
case	1
had	1
a	1
clip.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
found	1
a	1
spot	1
(outside)	1
where	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
a	1
signal.	1
The	1
HS-850	1
I	1
purchased	1
quit	1
working	1
after	1
about	1
60	1
days	1
of	1
use.	1
Great	1
reception,	1
simple	1
easy-to-use	1
menus	1
just	1
like	1
the	1
RAZR.	1
You	1
don't	1
feel	1
like	1
you	1
are	1
wearing	1
it	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
keep	1
you	1
from	1
hearing	1
otherwise.	1
But	1
now	1
I'm	1
obsessed...	1
I've	1
always	1
loved	1
things	1
that	1
can	1
be	1
personalized	1
and	1
now	1
I'm	1
even	1
happier	1
with	1
my	1
m100.	1
This	1
thing	1
is	1
awful.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
since	1
Dec	1
02	1
it	1
was	1
ok	1
in	1
the	1
beginning	1
but	1
after	1
2	1
months	1
I	1
started	1
to	1
have	1
problems	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
I	1
think	1
Handspring	1
did	1
a	1
very	1
sloppy	1
job	1
at	1
measuring	1
this	1
case.	1
Well	1
made	1
&	1
holds	1
secure,	1
but	1
you	1
need	1
2	1
hands	1
to	1
use	1
it!.	1
While	1
outside,	1
called	1
my	1
husband.	1
It	1
has	1
all	1
the	1
features	1
I	1
want	1
and	1
could	1
ask	1
for.	1
All	1
I	1
did	1
was	1
plug	1
it	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
about	1
once	1
a	1
day.	1
Thinking	1
that	1
the	1
quality	1
issues	1
will	1
be	1
solved	1
by	1
cleaning	1
the	1
lens,	1
i	1
couldn't	1
be	1
more	1
wrong.	1
It	1
looks	1
pretty	1
but	1
was	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money	1
for	1
sure.	1
The	1
only	1
good	1
thing	1
about	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
looks.	1
When	1
I	1
pushed	1
my	1
Dad	1
to	1
be	1
descriptive	1
he	1
said"Well,	1
maybe	1
it's	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
tinny	1
but	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
you	1
just	1
fine.	1
KRZR	1
1	1
CLEAR	1
CASE.	1
38718	1
This	1
Phone	1
Rocks.	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
trouble	1
with	1
ear	1
buds.	1
The	1
first,	1
and	1
last	1
one	1
I	1
bought	1
do	1
not	1
work	1
well	1
with	1
the	1
commands	1
on	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Curve,	1
specifically	1
the	1
voice	1
dial.	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
has	1
some	1
sort	1
of	1
a	1
switch	1
problem,	1
After	1
5	1
months	1
the	1
outside	1
screen	1
just	1
stopped	1
working.	1
For	1
items	1
like	1
this	1
you	1
probably	1
want	1
to	1
buy	1
straight	1
from	1
an	1
established	1
retailer.	1
I	1
followed	1
the	1
instructions	1
which,	1
ironically,	1
said	1
to	1
'insert	1
phone	1
slowly'	1
so	1
as	1
not	1
to	1
tear	1
case.	1
Like	1
other	1
reviewers,	1
I	1
had	1
problems	1
using	1
this	1
case	1
with	1
the	1
H700.	1
are	1
not	1
producing	1
better	1
pictures	1
than	1
this	1
one.	1
Save	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
piece	1
of	1
equipment.	1
Not	1
only	1
did	1
they	1
basically	1
ignore	1
my	1
e-mail,	1
but	1
they	1
sent	1
me	1
an	1
e-mail	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
later	1
asking	1
if	1
my	1
issue	1
was	1
resolved.	1
Speakerphone.	1
I	1
had	1
issues	1
with	1
a	1
different	1
cable	1
I	1
bought	1
earlier	1
from	1
a	1
different	1
vendor.	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
dont	1
mind	1
paying	1
more	1
to	1
be	1
unique	1
and	1
cool,	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
it;	1
if	1
you	1
just	1
need	1
its	1
features,	1
then	1
get	1
da	1
boring	1
v600.	1
I've	1
been	1
with	1
Cingular	1
for	1
7	1
years	1
and	1
my	1
billing	1
has	1
always	1
been	1
accurate(I've	1
heard	1
horror	1
stories	1
about	1
other	1
providers).	1
The	1
screen	1
is	1
very	1
nice	1
and	1
large.	1
Razr	1
Cellphone	1
Snap-On	1
Case.	1
Then	1
you	1
try	1
again	1
and	1
other	1
number	1
keys	1
don't	1
work.	1
I	1
gave	1
it	1
away	1
and	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
720	1
which	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
before	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
the	1
820	1
to	1
no	1
one.	1
I	1
can	1
recharge	1
for	1
5	1
mins,	1
it	1
will	1
indicate	1
it	1
is	1
fully	1
charged	1
again,	1
but	1
act	1
the	1
same	1
way.	1
and	1
i	1
lost	1
5.00	1
in	1
shipping	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
decpetion.	1
It	1
always	1
falls	1
off	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
is	1
actually	1
worse	1
than	1
my	1
cellphone	1
alone.	1
The	1
range	1
is	1
excellent.	1
I	1
forgot	1
how	1
awesome	1
it	1
is	1
to	1
put	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
buds	1
and	1
listen	1
to	1
music	1
for	1
hours.	1
I've	1
had	1
to	1
cup	1
the	1
mike	1
in	1
my	1
hand	1
next	1
to	1
my	1
mouth	1
for	1
people	1
to	1
hear	1
me.	1
I	1
like	1
that	1
the	1
swivel	1
piece	1
is	1
easily	1
removable	1
for	1
those	1
times	1
when	1
you	1
want	1
the	1
very	1
slim	1
profile	1
for	1
carrying	1
or	1
storage.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
Jabra	1
before	1
this	1
Plantronics	1
which	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
order	1
through	1
our	1
approved	1
office	1
supply	1
vendor.	1
wanted	1
for	1
the	1
exact	1
battery!	1
Quality	1
cable.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
probably	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
give	1
you	1
what	1
you're	1
looking	1
for,	1
unless	1
it's	1
a	1
few	1
hundred	1
dollars	1
less	1
in	1
your	1
wallet.	1
Very	1
Nice!.	1
If	1
your	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
pda	1
phone,	1
leave	1
this	1
alone.	1
Forget	1
working	1
with	1
Vista,	1
it's	1
hopeless.PLEASE	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS.	1
I	1
ordered	1
one	1
back	1
the	1
1st	1
of	1
Octorber.	1
I'm	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
risk	1
trying	1
it.	1
USB	1
Cable,	1
works	1
fine.	1
The	1
size	1
of	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place	1
makes	1
it	1
that.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
great,	1
it	1
has	1
flash	1
light,	1
which	1
saves	1
carrying	1
a	1
sperate	1
flash	1
light	1
if	1
you	1
need	1
one.	1
Of	1
course,	1
if	1
it's	1
loud	1
enough	1
for	1
you,	1
I	1
can	1
understand	1
a	1
higher	1
rating.	1
Not	1
a	1
terribly	1
bad	1
cable	1
but	1
don't	1
expect	1
it	1
to	1
last	1
long..	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
this	1
cable	1
for	1
two	1
reasons:1.)	1
Are	1
they	1
nuts?	1
Degrades	1
Signal.	1
Very	1
pleasant	1
and	1
uneventful	1
shopping	1
experience.	1
I	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
purchase	1
it	1
from	1
Amazon	1
for	1
only	1
$25.00,	1
and	1
definitely	1
got	1
my	1
money's	1
worth.	1
Not	1
sure	1
what	1
to	1
say	1
product	1
was	1
defective.	1
Super	1
sexy..	1
No	1
humming	1
and	1
I've	1
owned	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
7	1
months	1
now.People	1
who	1
are	1
technologically	1
inept,	1
should	1
not	1
be	1
writing	1
reviews.	1
I'll	1
explain	1
below	1
why	1
I	1
didn't	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
5	1
star	1
review.	1
The	1
buttons	1
have	1
a	1
nice	1
feel	1
to	1
them,	1
and	1
are	1
close	1
together	1
but	1
not	1
so	1
close	1
as	1
to	1
make	1
using	1
them	1
difficult.	1
Bad	1
Business	1
when	1
it	1
comes	1
to	1
returns.	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
headsets	1
for	1
my	1
entire	1
team	1
at	1
work.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
say	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
purchase,	1
the	1
price	1
made	1
it	1
a	1
Great	1
Value.	1
Easy	1
to	1
learn	1
and	1
easy	1
controls.	1
Great	1
Battery	1
life.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
dial	1
a	1
number,	1
don't	1
think	1
of	1
just	1
dialing	1
it!	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
short	1
(about	1
like	1
my	1
the	1
3588i,	1
but	1
with	1
GSM	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
lot	1
more	1
battery	1
life.)	1
Now	1
its	1
just	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
blackberry	1
(bb	1
from	1
work	1
cannot	1
integrate	1
personal	1
phone.	1
Installing	1
it	1
actually	1
reduced	1
my	1
reception	1
from	1
2	1
bars	1
to	1
NO	1
bars!	1
It	1
did	1
recharge	1
but	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
connect	1
with	1
the	1
PC.	1
Plus	1
if	1
your	1
not	1
plugged	1
into	1
usb	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
the	1
ac	1
power	1
cord	1
to	1
charge	1
your	1
PDA.	1
Fast	1
shipping,	1
but	1
but	1
product	1
not	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
advertised.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
device.	1
I'm	1
so	1
disappointed	1
considering	1
I	1
was	1
really	1
excited	1
about	1
my	1
new	1
purchase.	1
I	1
accidently	1
through	1
out	1
the	1
box	1
it	1
came	1
in	1
before	1
I	1
realized	1
that	1
the	1
item	1
didn't	1
work	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
other	1
leather	1
one	1
also	1
hangs	1
down,	1
and	1
the	1
Treo	1
really	1
needs	1
to	1
sit	1
sideways	1
for	1
me	1
to	1
be	1
comfortable	1
because	1
of	1
its	1
big	1
size.	1
The	1
plactic	1
covering	1
the	1
screen	1
has	1
slits	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
easily	1
lift	1
it	1
and	1
clean	1
the	1
screen	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
the	1
plastic.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
stong	1
clip	1
too.	1
They	1
worked	1
for	1
all	1
of	1
a	1
day.	1
Not	1
recommended.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
thing	1
for	1
nine	1
months.	1
Only	1
one	1
downside	1
She	1
keeps	1
getting	1
the	1
cord	1
caught	1
in	1
her	1
wheels...	1
so	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
try	1
this	1
one.	1
I	1
depend	1
on	1
Bluetooth	1
syncing,	1
however,	1
so	1
was	1
very	1
disappointed.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
full	1
bars	1
always(like	1
most	1
Nokia	1
phones).	1
Glad	1
I	1
bought	1
it!.	1
Excellent	1
Articles.	1
It	1
caused	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
become	1
unusable	1
for	1
a	1
terrifying	1
period	1
of	1
time	1
(several	1
hours),	1
but	1
fortunately	1
no	1
permanent	1
damage	1
was	1
done.	1
That's	1
a	1
good	1
thing	1
for	1
the	1
power	1
button,	1
as	1
it	1
prevents	1
accidental	1
power-ons.	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
this	1
battery	1
at	1
a	1
Sprint	1
Customer	1
Service	1
store,	1
and	1
I	1
paid	1
$64.64	1
with	1
tax	1
in	1
California.	1
Placed	1
phone	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
and	1
the	1
static	1
and	1
cutting	1
out	1
came	1
back.	1
I	1
never	1
could	1
achieve	1
a	1
connection	1
between	1
my	1
computer	1
and	1
my	1
phone.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
slightly	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
previous	1
nokia,	1
but	1
still	1
missed	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
calls	1
especially	1
in	1
buildings.	1
I	1
upgraded	1
from	1
a	1
lesser	1
model	1
to	1
this	1
model	1
about	1
three	1
months	1
ago.	1
Also,	1
the	1
shortest	1
duration	1
programmable	1
pause	1
is	1
quite	1
long.	1
No,	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
order	1
the	1
wrong	1
charger.	1
earbud	1
not	1
too	1
good.	1
when	1
I	1
was	1
standing	1
in	1
my	1
kitchen	1
running	1
water	1
in	1
the	1
sink.	1
No	1
problems	1
with	1
battery	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
BT800	1
when	1
they	1
were	1
first	1
released.	1
I	1
left	1
an	1
AC	1
adaptor	1
for	1
a	1
car	1
cooler	1
in	1
a	1
Holiday	1
Inn.	1
I	1
would	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
this	1
phone	1
next	1
time.	1
Great	1
phone!	1
Much	1
has	1
been	1
written	1
about	1
this	1
in	1
nokia	1
repair	1
forums.	1
Very	1
quick	1
service.	1
the	1
light	1
doesnt	1
go	1
off,	1
so	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
bright	1
green	1
nite	1
light	1
all	1
night.	1
I'll	1
get	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
sister	1
who	1
just	1
recovered	1
from	1
brain	1
cancer.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
the	1
t809	1
serves	1
as	1
a	1
perfect	1
solution	1
for,	1
say,	1
recording	1
your	1
favorite	1
band	1
live	1
in	1
bar	1
somewhere.	1
EXELENTE	1
PRODUCTO.	1
The	1
3.5	1
headphones	1
that	1
come	1
with	1
it	1
are	1
very	1
short,	1
but	1
still	1
work	1
just	1
fine	1
as	1
the	1
total	1
length	1
of	1
the	1
two	1
parts	1
work	1
well.	1
The	1
sound	1
clarity	1
is	1
excellent.	1
I	1
loved	1
it	1
then,	1
and	1
I	1
love	1
it	1
now.	1
My	1
efforts	1
paid	1
off	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
now	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
the	1
clarity	1
and	1
the	1
convenience.	1
Plus	1
the	1
color	1
is	1
cool	1
as	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
headset	1
that	1
matches	1
the	1
magenta	1
RAZR.January	1
11,	1
2008Update	1
The	1
third	1
was	1
a	1
motorola	1
flip	1
version,	1
and	1
didn't	1
stay	1
on	1
my	1
ear	1
well.	1
I	1
opened	1
the	1
box,	1
plugged	1
it	1
into	1
my	1
iPod	1
and	1
started	1
recording.	1
Very	1
nice	1
case.	1
This	1
Belkin	1
kit	1
is	1
a	1
cheap	1
retrofit	1
for	1
your	1
existing	1
cell	1
phone.	1
The	1
description	1
says,	1
"Replacement	1
Styli"	1
However	1
you	1
get	1
only	1
ONE	1
(1)	1
stylus	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
The	1
batteries	1
are	1
real	1
Moto's	1
and	1
work	1
fine	1
in	1
all	1
3	1
of	1
my	1
phones.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
good	1
phone.	1
The	1
third	1
just	1
was	1
not	1
trying	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
me	1
at	1
all.	1
Marginal	1
at	1
best.	1
The	1
manufacturer	1
wouldn't	1
pay	1
for	1
the	1
shipping	1
for	1
returning	1
the	1
product.	1
The	1
display	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
read,	1
and	1
the	1
buttons	1
are	1
backlit	1
to	1
there	1
are	1
easy	1
to	1
find.	1
Buyer	1
beware	1
-	1
if	1
you	1
want	1
something	1
more	1
flashy	1
then	1
don't	1
get	1
this	1
phone	1
-	1
it	1
will	1
disappoint.	1
When	1
you	1
answer	1
a	1
call	1
or	1
dial	1
a	1
call,	1
your	1
finger	1
naturally	1
lands	1
near	1
the	1
vicinity	1
of	1
the	1
Camera/Video	1
button.	1
I	1
wish	1
it	1
had	1
a	1
bendable	1
earpiece	1
or	1
something.	1
Kapudt.There	1
definately	1
appears	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
S9's	1
charging	1
mechanism.The	1
service	1
person	1
I	1
spoke	1
was	1
not	1
familiar	1
with	1
the	1
S9.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
entirely	1
capable	1
of	1
belting	1
out	1
more	1
volume,	1
this	1
firmware	1
just	1
won't.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
blue	1
tooth	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year.	1
wilson	1
antenna.	1
It's	1
a	1
clip.	1
They're	1
now	1
at	1
the	1
bottom	1
of	1
my	1
junk	1
drawer...	1
Everying,	1
photos	1
-	1
contacts,	1
etc.	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
headphones	1
to	1
use	1
with	1
my	1
iPhone.	1
The	1
third	1
one	1
I	1
purchased	1
was	1
for	1
a	1
friend.	1
The	1
problem	1
persisted	1
for	1
several	1
trial	1
calls	1
I	1
made	1
immediately	1
afterward.	1
While	1
it's	1
not	1
as	1
loud	1
as	1
an	1
office	1
phone's	1
speaker,	1
it	1
is	1
plenty	1
loud,	1
for	1
example,	1
to	1
participate	1
in	1
a	1
conference	1
call	1
while	1
driving.	1
short	1
on	1
this	1
deal.	1
The	1
headset	1
is	1
incredibly	1
uncomfortable	1
and	1
will	1
not	1
stay	1
in	1
the	1
proper	1
position	1
for	1
the	1
mike	1
unless	1
it	1
is	1
held	1
in	1
place.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
turn	1
the	1
volume	1
way	1
up,	1
which	1
is	1
annoying,	1
and	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
trouble	1
understanding	1
people.	1
Now	1
i	1
got	1
this	1
product	1
just	1
for	1
paper	1
weight.	1
Great	1
Product.	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
item,	1
the	1
top	1
didn't	1
come	1
off	1
and	1
I	1
can't	1
get	1
to	1
the	1
ballpoint	1
pen.	1
THANKS	1
FROM	1
VENEZUELA	1
Then	1
I	1
lost	1
it	1
and	1
couldn't	1
continue	1
without	1
it,	1
so	1
I	1
bought	1
another	1
one...	1
and	1
while	1
I	1
was	1
at	1
it,	1
bought	1
another	1
for	1
a	1
friend.PROS:-	1
it	1
looks	1
sexy.	1
Complete	1
Chinese	1
junk	1
and	1
I'm	1
not	1
talking	1
about	1
the	1
boat.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
quality,	1
you're	1
gonna	1
pay	1
money.	1
Tried	1
again...sent	1
the	1
headset	1
back,	1
and	1
they	1
lost	1
it...being	1
stoopid,	1
I	1
didn't	1
keep	1
the	1
shipping	1
receipt.	1
No	1
jostling	1
or	1
forcing	1
the	1
case.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
thing.	1
They	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
sold	1
and	1
activated	1
4	1
times...my	1
fault	1
for	1
not	1
checking	1
with	1
T-mobile	1
after	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
phone.	1
it	1
is	1
poorly	1
made	1
and	1
chips	1
at	1
the	1
bottom	1
or	1
top.	1
It	1
seems	1
to	1
emit	1
an	1
"airy"	1
sound,	1
like	1
the	1
static	1
of	1
a	1
speaker	1
turned	1
up	1
with	1
no	1
sound.	1
I	1
can	1
only	1
say	1
this	1
was	1
cheap	1
enough	1
that	1
it	1
helps	1
mitigate	1
the	1
hassle	1
a	1
bit.	1
A	1
must	1
have	1
for	1
those	1
that	1
still	1
drive	1
a	1
stick	1
shift	1
in	1
these	1
days.	1
very	1
impressed	1
with	1
the	1
device,	1
service	1
is	1
so	1
far	1
so	1
good	1
in	1
suburban	1
nyc	1
Cool	1
looking!	1
So	1
bad	1
its	1
not	1
worth	1
having..	1
I	1
already	1
had	1
a	1
Motorola	1
HS800	1
(i	1
think	1
thats	1
the	1
model)	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
It	1
is	1
amplified	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
call.	1
It	1
just	1
works.	1
after	1
about	1
a	1
week	1
with	1
the	1
phone	1
all	1
the	1
websites	1
i	1
visited	1
needed	1
a	1
java	1
upgrade,(still	1
have	1
not	1
figured	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
do	1
that.)	1
The	1
charger	1
port	1
is	1
readily	1
accessible.	1
This	1
works	1
very	1
well.	1
The	1
batteries	1
arrived	1
in	1
less	1
than	1
a	1
week	1
(standard	1
shipping)	1
and	1
both	1
are	1
good	1
as	1
new.	1
The	1
calls	1
sound	1
great	1
and	1
testing	1
it	1
with	1
someone	1
else	1
proves	1
the	1
voice	1
comes	1
in	1
clear.	1
What	1
idiot	1
designed	1
that	1
?!	1
To	1
be	1
blunt,	1
however,	1
I	1
just	1
wish	1
Blackberry	1
would	1
offer	1
this	1
function.	1
I	1
reinstalled	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
which	1
at	1
least	1
holds	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
a	1
little	1
over	1
an	1
hour	1
-	1
heck,	1
it	1
at	1
least	1
lets	1
me	1
power	1
it	1
on!	1
I	1
have	1
gone	1
through	1
two	1
of	1
them	1
thus	1
so	1
far.First	1
off,	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
chosen	1
sprint	1
as	1
a	1
service	1
kick	1
yourself.	1
very	1
low	1
volume,	1
can	1
barely	1
hear	1
callers.	1
You	1
won't	1
feel	1
like	1
the	1
Borg	1
with	1
this	1
in	1
your	1
ear.	1
Doesn't	1
work,	1
and	1
slow	1
priority	1
shipping!.	1
I	1
am	1
usually	1
okay	1
with	1
Sprint,	1
but	1
Sanyo	1
is	1
the	1
least	1
satisfying	1
of	1
their	1
products.	1
I	1
have	1
seen	1
complaints	1
that	1
the	1
provided	1
phones	1
are	1
a	1
year	1
or	1
two	1
old.	1
Bargaincell	1
was	1
also	1
very	1
good	1
at	1
shipping	1
it.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
flash,	1
but	1
inside	1
pictures	1
in	1
average	1
lighting	1
come	1
out	1
grainy	1
and	1
dark.	1
The	1
Turbo	1
Charge	1
only	1
worked	1
once	1
and	1
worked	1
well	1
for	1
that	1
one	1
time.	1
This	1
cable	1
is	1
just	1
not	1
capable	1
of	1
charging	1
the	1
phone	1
GREAT	1
PHONE!.	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
had	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
hooks	1
breaking	1
either	1
as	1
another	1
reviewer	1
said.	1
I	1
don	1
think	1
so!	1
The	1
ad	1
is	1
misleading	1
as	1
this	1
cord	1
retracts	1
to	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
feet.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
pretty	1
much	1
for	1
the	1
car	1
charger,	1
car	1
holder,	1
and	1
the	1
case.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
replacement	1
and	1
it	1
lasted	1
just	1
2	1
(and	1
the	1
clip	1
broke	1
in	1
2	1
different	1
places!).	1
This	1
is	1
probably	1
due	1
to	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
female	1
3.5mm	1
jack	1
wasn't	1
made	1
very	1
well.	1
But	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
very	1
well	1
designed	1
'cause	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
awkward	1
to	1
put	1
on	1
the	1
ear.	1
Only	1
one	1
size	1
of	1
earloop	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
unit,	1
for	1
me	1
it	1
was	1
too	1
large,	1
just	1
hovering	1
over	1
my	1
ear.	1
Accomplish	1
this	1
while	1
driving	1
or	1
fumbling	1
to	1
quickly	1
answer	1
a	1
call?	1
This	1
piece	1
of	1
junk	1
disconnected	1
the	1
phone	1
call;	1
the	1
system	1
just	1
frozen	1
and	1
not	1
responded	1
and	1
the	1
PDA	1
system	1
crashed	1
ALL	1
DAY	1
LONG.	1
Since	1
purchasing	1
this,	1
it	1
has	1
replaced	1
my	1
OEM	1
charger	1
as	1
the	1
primary	1
charger	1
for	1
my	1
phone.	1
Can't	1
do	1
any	1
better	1
for	1
the	1
$$$.	1
Dialing	1
and	1
gripping	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
uncomfortable.	1
I	1
wasn't	1
expecting	1
CD	1
quality,	1
but	1
if	1
it	1
performed	1
at	1
cassette	1
tape	1
or	1
maybe	1
radio	1
quality	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
adequate.	1
*	1
The	1
battery	1
charge	1
meter	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
finicky.	1
It	1
stopped	1
working	1
2	1
months	1
after	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
It's	1
a	1
thin	1
cord,	1
but	1
it	1
seems	1
like	1
the	1
best	1
one	1
out	1
there	1
for	1
the	1
cost.	1
easy	1
install	1
and	1
to	1
easy	1
use.	1
Wow,	1
what	1
a	1
difference.	1
No	1
Bass	1
Boost	1
/	1
Surround	1
sound	1
option.2.	1
brand	1
name	1
hands-free???.	1
a	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
that	1
works	1
great.	1
I	1
love	1
it	1
!.	1
Bought	1
this	1
to	1
replace	1
my	1
xbox	1
live	1
headset.	1
Items	1
arrived	1
quickly	1
and	1
performed	1
just	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
original	1
items	1
gthat	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
Cell	1
phone.	1
Bought	1
this	1
at	1
Best	1
Buy	1
just	1
to	1
make	1
sure	1
that	1
I	1
didn't	1
get	1
a	1
counterfeit	1
because	1
there	1
are	1
so	1
many	1
fakes	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
cover!!!!!!.	1
BT50	1
Battery	1
Dead	1
On	1
Arrival.	1
You	1
must	1
go	1
to	1
Sprint	1
for	1
help.	1
It's	1
a	1
tacky	1
pad	1
that	1
is	1
non-adhesive	1
and	1
keeps	1
stuff	1
from	1
sliding	1
around	1
on	1
the	1
dashboard.	1
The	1
cordless	1
phone	1
works	1
great,	1
but	1
the	1
headsets	1
are	1
not	1
very	1
good.	1
Great	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Classics	1
like	1
Big	1
Balls,	1
and	1
Dirty	1
Deeds	1
Done	1
Dirt	1
Cheap	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
hit	1
home	1
with	1
her.	1
Does	1
not	1
stay	1
in	1
ear.	1
)The	1
manual	1
that	1
comes	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
OK,	1
but	1
the	1
text	1
designer	1
could	1
have	1
done	1
a	1
much	1
better	1
job	1
creating	1
distinct,	1
clear	1
headings.	1
I	1
haven't	1
used	1
the	1
'loud'	1
as	1
I	1
really	1
didn't	1
want	1
to	1
do	1
that	1
to	1
my	1
eardrums	1
but	1
I	1
assume	1
the	1
volume	1
adjustments	1
operate	1
there,	1
too.	1
Ok,	1
it's	1
wireless.	1
I'm	1
very	1
pleased	1
with	1
my	1
purchase	1
and	1
so	1
grateful	1
that	1
someone	1
is	1
still	1
selling	1
the	1
original	1
batteries	1
for	1
it.	1
It	1
worked	1
really	1
well	1
for	1
me..	1
I	1
usually	1
get	1
1	1
RX	1
and	1
0	1
TX	1
bars	1
on	1
my	1
Verizon	1
cell	1
phone	1
in	1
the	1
house.	1
Every	1
now	1
and	1
then,	1
you'll	1
be	1
dialing	1
and	1
certain	1
number	1
keys	1
don't	1
work.	1
Construction	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good.	1
The	1
product	1
page	1
should	1
be	1
clearly	1
marked	1
-	1
USED.After	1
thinking	1
about	1
it	1
some	1
more	1
I	1
couldn't	1
even	1
call	1
this	1
remanufactured.	1
The	1
phone	1
was	1
free	1
and	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
in	1
two	1
days.	1
I	1
just	1
lost	1
my	1
phone	1
charger	1
so	1
I	1
ordered	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
There	1
are	1
3	1
different	1
size	1
earpieces	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
fit.	1
Plantronics	1
replacement	1
tips.	1
Backlight	1
light	1
keeping	1
turning	1
on	1
very	1
often,	1
so	1
it	1
kills	1
the	1
battery	1
and	1
annoying	1
me.....	1
Was	1
the	1
worst	1
amazon	1
experience	1
ever.	1
They	1
cut	1
the	1
shipping	1
etc	1
charges.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
small,	1
light,	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
was	1
afraid	1
to	1
try	1
this	1
665	1
because	1
of	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
detractors,	1
but	1
got	1
a	1
great	1
deal	1
and	1
bought	1
it	1
anyway.IT	1
IS	1
FANTASTIC!!!!!!!	1
All	1
of	1
this	1
has	1
been	1
a	1
major	1
problem	1
for	1
Q	1
users	1
because	1
up	1
until	1
now,	1
Motorola's	1
headsets	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
all	1
that	1
good	1
relative	1
to	1
the	1
competition.	1
Standard	1
Battery	1
BST-33	1
for	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Mobile.	1
The	1
display	1
died	1
on	1
the	1
first	1
one;	1
got	1
it	1
replaced	1
under	1
a	1
warranty	1
exchange.	1
I've	1
been	1
very	1
disappointed	1
with	1
the	1
WEP200.	1
All	1
around	1
excellent	1
phone.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
over	1
two	1
years	1
now,	1
and	1
i	1
advise	1
you	1
stay	1
away	1
from	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
following	1
reasons:1.	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
static	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
either.	1
dont	1
plan	1
on	1
replacing	1
it	1
till	1
its	1
worn	1
out!	1
Now	1
my	1
Razr	1
is	1
up	1
and	1
running	1
and	1
will	1
for	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
I	1
take	1
care	1
of	1
it.	1
great	1
product,	1
I	1
have	1
two	1
of	1
this	1
and	1
both	1
of	1
them	1
so	1
far	1
have	1
deliver	1
the	1
same	1
clear	1
sound	1
I	1
am	1
looking	1
for	1
in	1
a	1
head	1
set.	1
My	1
only	1
irritation	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
clip	1
hits	1
my	1
belly	1
(cuz	1
I'm	1
a	1
bit	1
chubby).	1
I've	1
gone	1
through	1
4	1
phones	1
-	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
over	1
and	1
over.	1
price	1
too	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true.	1
Phone	1
doesn't	1
hold	1
charge.	1
It	1
was	1
buried	1
further	1
down	1
on	1
the	1
page.	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
will	1
still	1
stick	1
OK,	1
but	1
it	1
doesn't	1
look	1
as	1
nice.	1
Wrong	1
Headset!.	1
Which	1
is	1
just	1
SNAKE	1
with	1
a	1
different	1
name.	1
Of	1
the	1
three	1
power	1
tips	1
I	1
have	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
A43	1
the	1
most	1
by	1
far.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
if	1
anyone	1
else	1
is	1
having	1
this	1
problem,	1
but	1
if	1
you	1
are...	1
now	1
you	1
know.	1
Battery	1
life	1
was	1
good.	1
And	1
the	1
fit	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
best.	1
Works	1
well	1
so	1
far.	1
We	1
got	1
it	1
heading	1
into	1
winter	1
(no	1
leaves	1
on	1
the	1
trees)	1
and	1
felt	1
like	1
we	1
were	1
seeing	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
improvement	1
where	1
a	1
bit	1
was	1
absolutely	1
necessary.	1
Stick	1
with	1
Verizon	1
or	1
Cingular	1
and	1
you	1
will	1
be	1
much	1
happier	1
in	1
the	1
end.	1
I'm	1
sure	1
the	1
problem	1
would	1
be	1
solved	1
by	1
using	1
an	1
iPhone	1
cover,	1
but	1
then	1
if	1
I	1
did	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
need	1
the	1
Sticky	1
Pad	1
at	1
all.	1
very	1
nice	1
phone.	1
Aside	1
from	1
these	1
issues	1
the	1
headset	1
works	1
well.	1
THIS	1
NEW	1
AWSOME	1
(hopefully)	1
PHONE	1
WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY	1
YE	1
HAW!THXS	1
YALL	1
CHOW	1
4	1
NOW!!	1
Plus,	1
it's	1
pretty	1
cool	1
to	1
say	1
"Play	1
Van	1
Halen"	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
starts	1
playing	1
tunes	1
thru	1
the	1
handset	1
speaker	1
(not	1
the	1
BT)	1
while	1
you're	1
driving.	1
im	1
14	1
haha.	1
It	1
worked	1
on	1
everything	1
I	1
needed	1
(update).	1
very	1
disappointed	1
the	1
plastic	1
case	1
broke	1
soon	1
after	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
need	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
to	1
get	1
my	1
money	1
back	1
Once	1
that	1
was	1
done,	1
the	1
written	1
instructions	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
antenna	1
were	1
very	1
clear.	1
It	1
just	1
stopped	1
charging	1
-	1
I	1
hadn't	1
done	1
anything	1
to	1
it.	1
if	1
you're	1
outside,	1
but	1
that's	1
about	1
it.	1
just	1
a	1
toy.	1
Even	1
though	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
fantastic,	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
material	1
used	1
to	1
construct	1
the	1
headphones	1
is	1
NIL.	1
E816	1
BATTERY	1
PERFORMS	1
JUST	1
FINE.	1
E)	1
Once	1
you	1
have	1
swapped	1
the	1
wires,	1
and	1
if	1
sunlight	1
is	1
hitting	1
the	1
solar	1
collector,	1
it	1
will	1
start	1
working.	1
Cell	1
phone	1
holder.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
I've	1
found	1
very	1
high	1
quality	1
calls	1
and	1
battery	1
life	1
on	1
every	1
Plantronics	1
device	1
I've	1
ever	1
used.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
cute	1
faceplate!	1
Sure,	1
that	1
kind	1
eventually	1
gets	1
flakey	1
-	1
but	1
it's	1
cheaper	1
to	1
replace	1
an	1
adapter	1
than	1
to	1
get	1
your	1
phone	1
repaired.	1
There	1
is	1
plenty	1
of	1
options	1
I	1
can't	1
fugure	1
out	1
why	1
they	1
even	1
exist	1
and	1
many	1
options	1
lead	1
to	1
the	1
same	1
screen.	1
The	1
voice	1
recognition	1
via	1
BT	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
less	1
accurate	1
than	1
using	1
the	1
handset	1
microphone.	1
iPhone	1
case	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
just	1
fine.	1
T-Mobile	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
in	1
my	1
area	1
I	1
have	1
good	1
to	1
great	1
service	1
and	1
should	1
not	1
get	1
any	1
calls	1
dropped.	1
it	1
covered	1
the	1
charge	1
port.	1
Not	1
designed	1
for	1
H700!.	1
I	1
can't	1
make	1
call	1
because	1
it	1
freezes.	1
Well	1
Worth	1
the	1
Price.	1
Instead,	1
it	1
tends	1
to	1
lift	1
the	1
Sticky	1
Pad	1
off	1
the	1
dashboard	1
by	1
sticking	1
itself	1
to	1
the	1
back	1
of	1
the	1
iPhone.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
be	1
more	1
pleased.	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
a	1
pouch-style	1
case,	1
but	1
it	1
would	1
probably	1
be	1
tight...If	1
power	1
is	1
your	1
problem,	1
though,	1
this	1
battery	1
is	1
your	1
solution.	1
Buy	1
a	1
five	1
dollar	1
battery	1
and	1
the	1
odds	1
are	1
you'll	1
get	1
a	1
battery	1
only	1
worth	1
five	1
bucks.	1
The	1
ear	1
loop	1
doesn't	1
stay	1
hooked	1
to	1
the	1
device	1
very	1
well,	1
and	1
comes	1
off	1
completely	1
sometimes	1
just	1
taking	1
it	1
out	1
of	1
my	1
jacket	1
pocket.	1
She	1
talks	1
with	1
her	1
manager.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
TracFone	1
just	1
for	1
"emergencies"	1
as	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
a	1
hard	1
core	1
cell	1
phone	1
user;	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
mainly	1
while	1
traveling.	1
Then	1
it	1
kept	1
getting	1
ejected	1
by	1
my	1
tape	1
deck.	1
After	1
assembling	1
per	1
instructions,	1
cover	1
the	1
solar	1
top	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
gets	1
no	1
light.	1
Was	1
happy	1
about	1
the	1
price	1
so	1
I	1
ordered	1
this	1
battery.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
think	1
anything	1
could	1
replace	1
my	1
Nokia,	1
but	1
this	1
V710	1
is	1
leaps	1
and	1
bounds	1
better.1.	1
everything	1
that	1
says	1
new	1
is	1
not!.	1
It	1
fits	1
great.	1
It	1
only	1
holds	1
a	1
12	1
hour	1
charge.	1
I	1
loved	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
thought	1
the	1
internet	1
and	1
applications	1
were	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
useful	1
and	1
feature	1
rich	1
headset,	1
but	1
be	1
warned	1
that	1
the	1
mild	1
hissing	1
and	1
low	1
volume	1
output	1
will	1
certainly	1
be	1
an	1
annoyance	1
at	1
times.	1
Take	1
care	1
ofit	1
and	1
don't	1
sit	1
on	1
it	1
as	1
the	1
plastic	1
is	1
that	1
of	1
cheapsunglasses.Hope	1
this	1
helps	1
the	1
masses.Happy	1
consumer.	1
Antenna	1
-	1
FREQUENT	1
dropped	1
calls	1
from	1
low	1
signal...	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
phone	1
very	1
quickly.	1
If	1
you	1
can	1
afford	1
it,	1
buy	1
this	1
super	1
PDA.	1
It'll	1
keep	1
your	1
phone	1
in	1
one	1
piece	1
rather	1
than	1
strewn	1
out	1
on	1
the	1
sidewalk.	1
Mic	1
is	1
separate	1
though	1
but	1
boy	1
the	1
fun	1
never	1
stops.	1
Don't	1
get	1
this	1
product.	1
The	1
last	1
one	1
I	1
ordered	1
was	1
like	1
the	1
first	1
one.	1
If	1
you	1
make	1
15	1
ringtones	1
or	1
pictures,	1
it	1
pays	1
for	1
itself.	1
The	1
design	1
is	1
horrible.	1
It	1
is	1
identical	1
to	1
the	1
original	1
Motorola	1
charger	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
cellphone.	1
Apart	1
from	1
great	1
looks,	1
functionaly	1
it	1
is	1
good	1
too.	1
Really	1
good	1
sound	1
and	1
comfort.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
an	1
overpriced	1
P-O-S.	1
A	1
no	1
brainier	1
to	1
install.	1
None	1
better.	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
this	1
with	1
my	1
Moto	1
PEBL,	1
PC	1
XP	1
(Cellink	1
BT	1
adapter	1
-	1
Toshiba	1
Stack),	1
and	1
Mac	1
OSX	1
10.4,	1
with	1
out	1
any	1
problems.	1
i	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
2	1
days.	1
The	1
seller	1
was	1
very	1
shady	1
in	1
his	1
presentation	1
of	1
the	1
product.	1
There	1
were	1
2	1
deep	1
scratches	1
and	1
many	1
fine	1
ones.	1
Anyone	1
I	1
talk	1
to	1
hears	1
a	1
constant	1
buzzing	1
in	1
the	1
background	1
and	1
cannot	1
make	1
out	1
a	1
word	1
I	1
say.	1
The	1
tracfone	1
prepaid	1
airtime	1
cards	1
make	1
the	1
best	1
gift.	1
I	1
tried	1
swapping	1
batteries	1
between	1
the	1
two	1
devices,	1
but	1
the	1
headphones	1
continued	1
blinking	1
blue	1
every	1
few	1
seconds.	1
It's	1
bizarre.	1
However	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
look	1
like	1
a	1
cheap	1
cable	1
from	1
the	1
dollar	1
store.	1
What	1
you	1
pay	1
is	1
what	1
you	1
get!.	1
Sent	1
it	1
back	1
the	1
same	1
day	1
it	1
arrived.	1
Not	1
worth	1
the	1
trouble.	1
Many	1
people	1
consider	1
me	1
heard	1
to	1
hear	1
but	1
not	1
with	1
this	1
headset.	1
Not	1
for	1
everyone,	1
though..	1
I've	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
6	1
months	1
now.	1
Extended	1
life.	1
The	1
side	1
buttons	1
and	1
earpiece	1
hole	1
are	1
exposed,	1
but	1
the	1
rest	1
of	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
secure.	1
We	1
shall	1
see...	1
Great	1
color	1
display.	1
The	1
is	1
no	1
instruction	1
inside	1
the	1
package.	1
(4.5	1
stars).	1
Glad	1
I	1
got	1
it.	1
I'm	1
pretty	1
active	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
but	1
I	1
still	1
only	1
charge	1
it	1
once	1
every	1
night.	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
*push*	1
the	1
phone	1
open	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
phone	1
recognize	1
that	1
I've	1
opened	1
it.	1
IF	1
I	1
DIDN'T	1
HAVE	1
TO	1
KEEP	1
SETTING	1
UP	1
THE	1
CONNECTION	1
BETWEEN	1
MY	1
PHONE	1
AND	1
THE	1
HEADSET,	1
IT	1
WOULDN'T	1
BE	1
THAT	1
BAD.	1
Leather	1
is	1
nice.	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
Treo	1
600	1
for	1
metro	1
Atlanta.	1
The	1
mouth	1
piece	1
is	1
just	1
too	1
far	1
and	1
the	1
'harmonics'	1
coming	1
off	1
the	1
jaw	1
-	1
is	1
just	1
PR.	1
IF	1
I	1
COULD	1
GIVE	1
NEGATIVE	1
STARS	1
I	1
WOULD!!!!	1
bought	1
the	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
palm	1
and	1
it	1
broke	1
in	1
a	1
week.	1
First,	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
use	1
this	1
to	1
hold	1
a	1
phone	1
on	1
a	1
dashboard	1
or	1
anything	1
like	1
that.	1
The	1
headset	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
bevy	1
of	1
attachments	1
and	1
a	1
carrying	1
case.	1
You	1
can	1
slide	1
this	1
over	1
your	1
belt	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
VERY	1
THIN	1
belt	1
and	1
not	1
have	1
to	1
mess	1
with	1
the	1
snaps.2.	1
I	1
can	1
leave	1
it	1
on	1
all	1
the	1
time	1
while	1
taking	1
pictures,	1
charging,	1
etc.	1
Everyone	1
struggles	1
to	1
hear	1
me.In	1
the	1
end,	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
throw	1
this	1
away.	1
Have	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
shipped	1
out,	1
replaced	1
in	1
a	1
week.	1
Usually	1
I	1
know	1
it	1
is	1
working	1
again,	1
because	1
#1	1
problem	1
happens	1
again.	1
This	1
is	1
especially	1
true	1
for	1
the	1
D-PAD	1
and	1
the	1
top	1
buttons	1
(Power	1
and	1
zoom	1
buttons).	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
Treo,	1
but	1
there	1
are	1
still	1
bugs	1
being	1
worked	1
out....	1
It	1
works	1
pretty	1
well.	1
Sounds	1
like	1
you're	1
speaking	1
directly	1
through	1
your	1
phone.	1
My	1
favorite	1
stylus	1
by	1
far.Longevity	1
tip	1
Work	1
together	1
as	1
suggested	1
in	1
the	1
ad.	1
Sometimes	1
my	1
mail	1
downloads,	1
sometimes	1
not.2.	1
I	1
bought	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
phones	1
from	1
t-mobile	1
a	1
year	1
ago	1
after	1
my	1
daughter's	1
motorola	1
v300	1
died	1
and	1
she	1
needed	1
a	1
replacement.	1
In	1
fact,	1
that's	1
its	1
primary	1
function	1
on	1
a	1
day	1
to	1
day	1
basis.	1
Fashionable,	1
but	1
painful	1
to	1
small	1
ears..	1
This	1
earpiece	1
hurts	1
the	1
inside	1
of	1
my	1
ears	1
however	1
it	1
does	1
fit	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
H500.	1
From	1
its	1
great	1
features	1
to	1
its	1
sturdy	1
build,	1
the	1
Razr	1
V3	1
may	1
look	1
fragile	1
but	1
looks	1
can	1
be	1
deceiving.I	1
have	1
had	1
my	1
Razr	1
V3	1
for	1
nearly	1
a	1
month.	1
The	1
blinking	1
blue	1
light	1
is	1
not	1
distracting	1
at	1
night	1
as	1
I	1
had	1
read	1
in	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
reviews.	1
It's	1
cute,	1
small,	1
and	1
has	1
many	1
nice	1
features	1
on	1
it.	1
The	1
white	1
pearl	1
is	1
so	1
cute	1
and	1
it	1
def	1
has	1
people	1
asking	1
about	1
the	1
phone	1
when	1
u	1
whip	1
it	1
out.	1
would	1
do	1
business	1
with	1
again.	1
The	1
H700	1
dropped	1
the	1
connection	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
all	1
the	1
time.	1
I	1
finally	1
got	1
around	1
to	1
connecting	1
my	1
keyboard	1
to	1
my	1
IPAQ	1
Rx5915.	1
I	1
live	1
in	1
central	1
Jersey	1
and	1
have	1
service	1
inside	1
a	1
cement	1
building	1
which	1
is	1
unheard	1
of.	1
We'll	1
see	1
with	1
the	1
1st	1
bill.The	1
phone	1
is	1
cool	1
if	1
you	1
like	1
somewhat	1
bulky	1
phone,	1
but	1
it's	1
durable	1
and	1
you	1
need	1
worry	1
less	1
about	1
losing	1
it.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
two	1
LEDs	1
above	1
the	1
aperture	1
of	1
the	1
camera,	1
I	1
usually	1
use	1
it	1
for	1
lighting	1
the	1
way	1
at	1
night,	1
its	1
that	1
bright.	1
Not	1
horrible,	1
but	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
recommend	1
it!.	1
Unit	1
is	1
dead.	1
The	1
screw	1
up	1
in	1
shipping	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
fault	1
of	1
the	1
seller	1
unless	1
you	1
count	1
off	1
for	1
using	1
UPS	1
to	1
begin	1
with.	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
was	1
in	1
a	1
mall	1
and	1
it	1
partially	1
blocked	1
the	1
charge	1
connector	1
and	1
completely	1
blocked	1
the	1
external	1
antenna	1
jack	1
so	1
I	1
didn't	1
buy	1
it.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
comfortable	1
but	1
doesn't	1
take	1
into	1
account	1
that	1
some	1
of	1
us	1
wear	1
glasses.	1
If	1
this	1
phone	1
had	1
the	1
full	1
silent	1
mode	1
and	1
vibrating	1
text	1
alert	1
I	1
could	1
overlook	1
the	1
size	1
issue	1
and	1
call	1
this	1
the	1
perfect	1
phone.	1
Better	1
Than	1
Expected.	1
Great	1
bluetooth	1
device.	1
Bad	1
phone	1
-	1
avoid	1
and	1
get	1
something	1
better	1
instead.	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
cheap	1
transmitter	1
that	1
would	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
car.	1
I	1
ordered	1
these	1
ear	1
gels	1
and	1
they	1
are	1
a	1
perfect	1
fit	1
for	1
the	1
samsung	1
ear	1
plug.	1
Don't	1
believe	1
me,	1
then	1
purchase	1
the	1
Jabra	1
or	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
headsets,	1
place	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
pocket	1
or	1
purse	1
and	1
answer	1
a	1
call	1
from	1
your	1
phone.	1
This	1
is	1
perfect	1
and	1
a	1
great	1
price	1
for	1
ALMOST	1
anyone.	1
I'm	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
I'd	1
say	1
go	1
ahead	1
and	1
buy	1
this	1
headset	1
if	1
you're	1
still	1
deciding.	1
This	1
will	1
go	1
in	1
a	1
drawer	1
until	1
I	1
find	1
some	1
sucker	1
to	1
take	1
it.	1
cord	1
stores	1
neatly.	1
Do	1
a	1
search	1
on	1
&quot;cell-phone&quot;	1
and	1
&quot;blood	1
brain	1
barrier&quot;.	1
So	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
CS55.I	1
then	1
ordered	1
the	1
CS361N.	1
Works	1
as	1
it	1
should.	1
Palm/Handspring	1
makes	1
the	1
phones	1
but	1
will	1
provide	1
NO	1
SUPPORT.	1
I	1
dont	1
use	1
much	1
other	1
features	1
on	1
this	1
phone.	1
Simply	1
put,	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Pearl	1
regularly	1
shuts	1
itself	1
off	1
and	1
I	1
must	1
pull	1
the	1
battery	1
to	1
restart	1
it.	1
Good	1
Deal,	1
Works	1
great..	1
This	1
is	1
why	1
Amazon	1
is	1
great.	1
Too	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true.	1
As	1
someone	1
who	1
uses	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
mostly	1
AS	1
A	1
PHONE,	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
after	1
one	1
day	1
and	1
opted	1
for	1
a	1
blackberry	1
pearl.	1
Just	1
use	1
good	1
old	1
trial	1
and	1
error	1
and	1
common	1
sense	1
and	1
you'll	1
be	1
enjoying	1
this	1
phone	1
in	1
no	1
time.	1
this	1
is	1
one	1
form	1
of	1
a	1
legal	1
hoax.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
headset	1
a	1
week	1
ago	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
just	1
not	1
as	1
advertised.	1
locked	1
nicely,	1
held	1
secure	1
but	1
plastic	1
hinge	1
gave	1
way	1
on	1
second	1
use	1
and	1
phone	1
fell	1
to	1
the	1
floor.	1
Just	1
a	1
bunch	1
of	1
static.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
TRUE	1
pearl	1
color	1
and	1
not	1
white	1
or	1
off-white	1
as	1
advertised.I	1
am	1
new	1
to	1
BB	1
and	1
I	1
wanted	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
can	1
basically	1
sync	1
with	1
my	1
Outlook.	1
My	1
phone	1
had	1
to	1
have	1
fallen	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
clip	1
about	1
15	1
times	1
before	1
I	1
finally	1
lost	1
it	1
completely	1
while	1
hiking	1
in	1
the	1
woods.	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
not	1
as	1
elegant	1
as	1
some	1
leather	1
cases	1
you	1
can	1
find,	1
and	1
it	1
looks	1
bulkier	1
than	1
the	1
leather	1
cases.	1
It	1
has	1
become	1
an	1
extension	1
of	1
me	1
and	1
I	1
truly	1
could	1
not	1
live	1
without	1
it.	1
I	1
am	1
disappointed	1
that	1
the	1
replacement	1
battery	1
has	1
only	1
slightly	1
more	1
juice	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
it	1
replaced.	1
There	1
isn't	1
much	1
to	1
say,	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for...	1
sometimes	1
a	1
bit	1
less...	1
In	1
this	1
case	1
it	1
was	1
less.	1
Dont	1
last	1
long	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
booster	1
does	1
help	1
with	1
certain	1
cell	1
phones,	1
my	1
husband	1
has	1
one	1
with	1
a	1
million	1
features	1
and	1
of	1
course	1
he	1
gets	1
no	1
calls	1
in	1
or	1
out.	1
The	1
Upstage	1
"Upstages	1
All	1
Other	1
Phones".	1
Both	1
are	1
in	1
their	1
original	1
casings.	1
Cingular	1
service	1
I	1
give	1
only	1
3.	1
I	1
recently	1
moved	1
to	1
Cingular	1
from	1
Verizon	1
due	1
to	1
better	1
phone	1
selection,	1
and	1
what	1
a	1
big	1
mistake!	1
Unfortunately	1
there	1
is	1
sticky	1
redsidue	1
left	1
behind	1
on	1
the	1
keyboard	1
which	1
is	1
annoying	1
as	1
hell.	1
You	1
can	1
only	1
engage	1
the	1
speaker	1
function	1
once	1
you	1
are	1
on	1
a	1
call,	1
awkward.	1
Bad	1
attempt.	1
Actually,	1
when	1
it	1
came	1
to	1
me	1
it	1
was	1
already	1
broken	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
push	1
the	1
string	1
part	1
back	1
into	1
the	1
metal	1
part.	1
Leather	1
Fanny	1
Pack/Cell	1
Phone-Great	1
Choice.	1
it	1
fit	1
the	1
700	1
and	1
above.	1
The	1
talk	1
time	1
is	1
awesome	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
gotten	1
almost	1
5	1
hours	1
continuous	1
talk	1
time	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
device.	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
trouble	1
getting	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
Once	1
this	1
happens,	1
anything	1
moving	1
over	1
the	1
case	1
(a	1
jacket,	1
a	1
shirt,	1
even	1
your	1
arm)	1
may	1
cause	1
the	1
strap	1
to	1
come	1
undone.	1
Finding	1
contacts	1
is	1
really	1
neat.	1
What	1
can	1
I	1
say?.	1
The	1
maximum	1
volume	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
low.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
on	1
any	1
of	1
their	1
products.	1
I	1
got	1
Motorola	1
Razor	1
V3	1
phone	1
from	1
T-Mobile	1
couple	1
of	1
days	1
back.	1
I	1
needed	1
something	1
with	1
a	1
low	1
profile,	1
which	1
could	1
be	1
transported	1
in	1
a	1
laptop	1
case	1
without	1
risk	1
of	1
being	1
damaged.	1
Item	1
description	1
and	1
images	1
did	1
not	1
indicate	1
that	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
magnet.	1
!$$$	1
Now	1
,	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
what	1
to	1
do	1
because	1
the	1
person	1
who	1
sold	1
it	1
to	1
me	1
,	1
is	1
not	1
working	1
there	1
anymore	1
,,,plsss	1
somebody	1
could	1
help	1
me	1
??	1
Driving	1
on	1
a	1
regular	1
road	1
causes	1
practically	1
no	1
background	1
noise.	1
That	1
was	1
over	1
$9.	1
The	1
velcro	1
is	1
strong	1
and	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
is	1
sturdy.	1
I	1
will	1
update	1
this	1
review	1
once	1
I	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
(or	1
not)	1
Also,	1
tap	1
WITH	1
pressure	1
right	1
or	1
left	1
(directly	1
above	1
the	1
back/end	1
buttons)	1
to	1
move	1
left/right.This	1
phone	1
is	1
amazing	1
for	1
all	1
of	1
it's	1
features.	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
comfort.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
V3	1
Plastic	1
Shell	1
Casing	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
fit	1
for	1
my	1
red	1
RAZR.	1
Finger	1
prints	1
are	1
annoying,	1
but	1
expected.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
bad	1
software	1
and	1
also	1
hardware.	1
Buy	1
the	1
PalmOne	1
Treo	1
600/650	1
Stereo	1
Headphone	1
Adapter	1
Instead.	1
After	1
a	1
week	1
of	1
fidgeting	1
with	1
that	1
I	1
found	1
one	1
that	1
sort	1
of	1
fits,	1
after	1
I	1
spend	1
10	1
minutes	1
slipping	1
this	1
over	1
my	1
ear.	1
Moreover,	1
it's	1
half	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
Kyocera	1
3035	1
charger	1
Best	1
Buy	1
sells.	1
It	1
was	1
only	1
a	1
few	1
dollars	1
so	1
it	1
wasn't	1
worth	1
my	1
time	1
or	1
effort	1
to	1
return	1
it.	1
So	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
heard	1
anyone	1
tell	1
me	1
ugh	1
why	1
that	1
color	1
please	1
this	1
colr	1
shines	1
pink	1
pss	1
thats	1
what	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
daughter.	1
Also,	1
a	1
great	1
buy.	1
Be	1
careful!	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
few	1
devices	1
(2	1
cells	1
and	1
various	1
audio	1
listening	1
devices)	1
and	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
ability	1
to	1
keep	1
one	1
headset	1
on	1
me	1
that	1
will	1
work	1
with	1
all	1
of	1
them.	1
However,	1
everyone	1
has	1
the	1
same	1
complaint	1
to	1
me.	1
Avoid	1
this	1
thing	1
at	1
all	1
costs.	1
This	1
time	1
they	1
(Cingular)	1
send	1
me	1
a	1
'new'	1
phone	1
that	1
was	1
unusable	1
from	1
the	1
first	1
second	1
I	1
got	1
it.	1
The	1
new	1
charger	1
power	1
light	1
never	1
came	1
on	1
and	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
charge	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
headset	1
really	1
has	1
bad	1
sound	1
quality.	1
I	1
spent	1
more	1
for	1
shipping	1
than	1
for	1
the	1
leather	1
cover.	1
so	1
much	1
for	1
a	1
beautiful	1
lookin	1
phone.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
great	1
buy	1
-	1
under	1
5	1
dollars	1
with	1
shipping	1
and	1
works	1
great	1
on	1
my	1
razr.	1
I	1
ordered	1
the	1
2	1
year	1
Cingular	1
subscription	1
in	1
conjunction	1
with	1
the	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
phone.	1
This	1
product	1
performed	1
flawlessly.	1
The	1
instructions	1
clearly	1
state	1
that	1
a	1
"free"	1
software	1
download	1
is	1
needed	1
from	1
the	1
nokia	1
website.	1
(Get	1
a	1
wireless	1
headset!!	1
Please	1
note	1
If	1
you	1
have	1
nothing	1
to	1
do,	1
give	1
another	1
try......As	1
always	1
you	1
might	1
get	1
moisture	1
damage...	1
The	1
best	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Cool	1
Phone.	1
The	1
screen	1
protector	1
for	1
the	1
5D	1
III	1
is	1
too	1
big	1
and	1
there	1
are	1
air	1
bubbles	1
along	1
the	1
edge	1
of	1
the	1
rear	1
LCD	1
screen.	1
Worst	1
ever	1
service.	1
Right	1
Case	1
for	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
Thank	1
You,	1
Will	1
order	1
again.	1
cute	1
but	1
lacking.	1
Both	1
chargers	1
work	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
the	1
expensive	1
ones	1
did.	1
Not	1
good	1
for	1
Skype.	1
10-5-05	1
UPDATE	1
I	1
just	1
wanted	1
a	1
phone	1
to	1
call	1
on	1
with	1
great	1
reception.	1
Which	1
means	1
if	1
you	1
use	1
this	1
with	1
phones	1
like	1
the	1
VTech	1
DS6321	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
way	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
mute	1
a	1
call.	1
Forget	1
about	1
N80	1
for	1
a	1
while..	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
unlocked	1
phone	1
2	1
weeks	1
ago,	1
and	1
I	1
LOVE	1
it.	1
Plus,	1
without	1
my	1
handset,	1
I	1
coudln't	1
barely	1
hear.	1
Shouldn't	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
last	1
longer	1
than	1
a	1
month??	1
So	1
it	1
was	1
raw	1
plastic	1
against	1
my	1
ear.	1
I	1
was	1
skeptical	1
as	1
I	1
am	1
with	1
any	1
accessories	1
purchase	1
on	1
Amazon	1
but	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
that	1
I'm	1
very	1
pleased.	1
Just	1
an	1
fyi	1
on	1
the	1
worst	1
case	1
of	1
customer	1
service	1
I've	1
experienced	1
in	1
my	1
life.	1
So	1
...buyer	1
be	1
aware	1
on	1
not-completely-true	1
advertising	1
when	1
it	1
comes	1
to	1
the	1
V265.	1
Amazing	1
features,	1
attractive	1
look	1
and	1
simple	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
ejected	1
it,	1
and	1
tried	1
two	1
more	1
times.	1
The	1
price	1
was	1
right!	1
If	1
too	1
many	1
fingerprints	1
-	1
then	1
just	1
wipe	1
it	1
off!	1
No	1
one	1
has	1
complained	1
that	1
they	1
can't	1
hear	1
me.	1
It	1
will	1
lighten	1
your	1
wallet	1
though.	1
The	1
noise	1
cancelling	1
is	1
fantastic,	1
considering	1
he's	1
tried	1
a	1
few	1
other	1
models	1
and	1
I	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
him	1
while	1
he	1
used	1
it	1
in	1
his	1
car,	1
windows	1
down.	1
They	1
should	1
provide	1
the	1
photo	1
for	1
the	1
white	1
one	1
so	1
people	1
actually	1
know	1
what	1
it	1
looks	1
like.	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
screen	1
protector	1
for	1
my	1
new	1
Amaze,	1
and	1
was	1
immediately	1
disappointed	1
after	1
application.	1
I	1
haven't	1
used	1
it	1
yet,	1
but	1
keep	1
it	1
handy.	1
Thank	1
you	1
Accessory	1
One--not	1
many	1
company's	1
have	1
treated	1
me	1
with	1
that	1
kind	1
of	1
service	1
and	1
kindness.	1
I've	1
dropped	1
three	1
times	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
two	1
years	1
and	1
it's	1
broken	1
it	1
twice.	1
Quad-band	1
world-phone	1
supporting	1
GSM	1
850/900/1800/19005.	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
Unless	1
you	1
plan	1
on	1
purchasing	1
an	1
expensive	1
media	1
plan	1
from	1
your	1
carrier,	1
all	1
the	1
connectivity	1
features	1
of	1
this	1
phone	1
are	1
pointless.	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
ringtones	1
because	1
I	1
never	1
use	1
ringtones.	1
Its	1
well	1
worth	1
it!	1
I	1
tried	1
several	1
calls	1
to	1
the	1
same	1
number,	1
without	1
much	1
luck.	1
Quad	1
band	1
phone	1
-	1
so	1
it	1
works	1
everywhere6.	1
I	1
went	1
for	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
hands	1
free	1
because	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
low	1
price	1
but	1
good	1
device	1
since	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
problem	1
losing	1
or	1
damaging	1
this	1
things.	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
ear	1
piece	1
is	1
just	1
alittle	1
to	1
big	1
for	1
my	1
ear.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
The	1
worst..	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
phone.	1
On	1
both	1
it	1
works	1
great!	1
Now	1
I	1
am	1
ready	1
to	1
workout	1
to	1
my	1
favorite	1
dance	1
tunes	1
for	1
hours.	1
Best	1
3G	1
Phone	1
at	1
Cingular/AT&T.	1
Even	1
Jawbone	1
that	1
has	1
good	1
reputation	1
for	1
noise	1
reduction	1
couldnot	1
match	1
this	1
one.	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PRODUCT	1
if	1
you	1
think	1
you	1
are	1
buying	1
a	1
1	1
AMP	1
adapter.	1
Still	1
A	1
Good	1
Phone....BUT....	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
review	1
of	1
this	1
phone.	1
Other	1
wise	1
I	1
would	1
be	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
minus.	1
I	1
didn't	1
buy	1
from	1
this	1
seller,	1
but	1
I	1
owned	1
this	1
phone	1
when	1
it	1
first	1
came	1
out.	1
Best	1
headset	1
ever!!!.	1
Very	1
annoying.	1
Problem	1
with	1
the	1
iPhone	1
(4S)	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
back	1
is	1
a	1
flat	1
panel	1
of	1
Gorilla	1
Glass	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
lift	1
easily	1
off	1
the	1
Sticky	1
Pad.	1
An	1
MP3	1
playerThe	1
phone	1
is	1
reasonable.	1
The	1
battery	1
life	1
isn't	1
too	1
bad,	1
but	1
it	1
would	1
probably	1
be	1
a	1
good	1
idea	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
vehicle	1
charger.	1
Excellent	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Sophisticated	1
and	1
stylish,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
Nokia	1
phone	1
in	1
years.	1
isn't	1
compatible	1
with	1
most	1
phones.	1
Not	1
too	1
great!.	1
I	1
bought	1
3	1
just	1
in	1
case	1
as	1
these	1
things	1
are	1
known	1
to	1
fail	1
but	1
not	1
this	1
one.	1
If	1
I	1
am	1
in	1
a	1
meeting	1
or	1
the	1
boss	1
is	1
talking	1
to	1
me,	1
I	1
simply	1
let	1
it	1
beep	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
4	1
or	1
5	1
times	1
until	1
the	1
call	1
goes	1
to	1
voicemail.	1
Still,	1
the	1
only	1
thing	1
I	1
expected	1
was	1
to	1
not	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
a	1
wired	1
headset	1
and	1
that	1
part	1
did	1
work	1
here.	1
Too	1
flimsy.	1
The	1
fit	1
is	1
solid	1
and	1
it	1
holds	1
well.	1
The	1
software	1
was	1
designed	1
to	1
only	1
transfer	1
a	1
subset	1
of	1
appointments.	1
What	1
do	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
loose	1
except	1
bad	1
reception?	1
Have	1
read	1
the	1
reviews	1
complaining	1
of	1
smudges	1
and	1
finger	1
prints	1
but	1
find	1
them	1
to	1
be	1
very	1
minimal	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
clean.	1
But	1
it's	1
just	1
too	1
darn	1
tight.	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
with	1
Multipoint	1
TechnologyThis	1
product	1
is	1
very	1
disappointing.	1
Bad	1
Cell	1
phone	1
batteries.	1
Bulk	1
packaged?	1
The	1
screen	1
protectors	1
I	1
received	1
were	1
actually	1
for	1
a	1
different	1
type	1
of	1
phone.	1
Probably	1
the	1
worst	1
cell	1
phone	1
I've	1
ever	1
had	1
(I've	1
had	1
4	1
so	1
far).	1
Better	1
Signal	1
in	1
House.	1
Palm	1
shafted	1
its	1
returning	1
customers	1
with	1
sand	1
paper.	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
that	1
this	1
phone	1
was	1
recalled	1
and	1
the	1
orange	1
sticker	1
symbolizes	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
been	1
fixed	1
and	1
is	1
equipped	1
with	1
new	1
software.	1
My	1
phone	1
is	1
not.	1
I	1
will	1
gladly	1
return	1
to	1
blueant	1
to	1
find	1
one.	1
works	1
just	1
like	1
manufacturer	1
battery	1
in	1
1/7th	1
the	1
price.	1
NOT	1
a	1
dual	1
band	1
antenna	1
as	1
listed	1
here.	1
And	1
did	1
not	1
give	1
me	1
any	1
options	1
to	1
format	1
it.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
of	1
even	1
known	1
this	1
had	1
I	1
not	1
stopped.	1
Samsung's	1
advice	1
was	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
new	1
headset!	1
Perfect	1
replacement.	1
Amazon	1
continues	1
to	1
ship	1
this	1
antenna	1
with	1
the	1
Wilson	1
Electronics	1
Sleek	1
Booster,	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
right	1
antenna.	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
first	1
time	1
buying	1
from	1
Happy	1
Cellular	1
and	1
my	1
last.	1
I	1
received	1
a	1
used	1
and	1
repaired	1
phone.	1
Broke	1
quickly.	1
Every	1
screen	1
protector	1
gets	1
so	1
so	1
reviews	1
and	1
some	1
are	1
much	1
more	1
expensive.	1
Mole	1
Chaser.	1
At	1
18	1
cents	1
a	1
minutes,	1
if	1
I	1
talk	1
for	1
a	1
total	1
of	1
an	1
hour	1
a	1
month,	1
I	1
only	1
spend	1
about	1
$11.	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
piece	1
replaced	1
by	1
another.	1
You	1
can	1
set	1
up	1
to	1
three	1
alarms	1
at	1
a	1
time,	1
which	1
is	1
good	1
if	1
you're	1
a	1
deep	1
sleeper.Oh	1
and	1
here's	1
a	1
word	1
of	1
advice	1
Other	1
than	1
that,	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
everyone	1
can't	1
tell	1
that	1
I'm	1
on	1
my	1
headset	1
when	1
I	1
call.	1
Fits	1
at&t	1
Tilt.	1
Time	1
will	1
tell.	1
The	1
thing	1
is	1
horrible.	1
(You	1
still	1
have	1
to	1
push	1
a	1
phone	1
button	1
for	1
an	1
outgoing	1
call.)	1
Music	1
can	1
be	1
played	1
at	1
any	1
point,	1
even	1
while	1
playing	1
a	1
game,	1
and	1
the	1
external	1
speakers	1
are	1
VERY	1
L	1
O	1
U	1
D;	1
very	1
cool.	1
The	1
screen	1
color	1
is	1
not	1
as	1
great	1
as	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
at	1
online3.	1
Whenever	1
you	1
happen	1
to	1
touch	1
it,	1
the	1
phone	1
will	1
let	1
you	1
change	1
the	1
ring	1
tone	1
mode	1
with	1
another	1
side	1
button.	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
Two	1
Port	1
Standard	1
Charger	1
for	1
my	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
w890i.	1
It's	1
uncomfortable	1
in	1
my	1
pocket,	1
and	1
most	1
phone	1
holders	1
can't	1
hold	1
it.	1
Works	1
as	1
advertised.	1
It	1
does	1
not	1
last	1
for	1
six	1
hours,	1
not	1
even	1
close.	1
muy	1
bueno	1
todo	1
,envio	1
rapido	1
buen	1
precio	1
buena	1
cualidad	1
recibido	1
mas	1
o	1
menos	1
en	1
el	1
tiempo	1
previstolos	1
recomendo	1
good	1
purchase	1
....ok	1
Really	1
pricey	1
considering	1
HP's	1
PDA	1
only	1
devices	1
are	1
so	1
much	1
better	1
in	1
quality	1
and	1
design5.	1
Clear	1
and	1
Comfortable.	1
How	1
may	1
I	1
help	1
you?You	1
They're	1
way	1
more	1
cost-effective	1
than	1
constantly	1
buying	1
new	1
cell	1
chargers.Extra	1
bonus-they	1
work	1
on	1
other	1
stuff	1
too,	1
like	1
your	1
GPS	1
or	1
ipod.	1
These	1
holders	1
have	1
been	1
working	1
great.	1
I	1
gave	1
never	1
seen	1
this	1
in	1
my	1
life	1
and	1
only	1
imagine	1
what	1
if	1
this	1
happened	1
while	1
charging	1
at	1
home	1
or	1
just	1
laying	1
on	1
table	1
and	1
caught	1
house	1
on	1
fire.	1
Great	1
Bluetooth	1
Device!.	1
I	1
am	1
happy	1
to	1
report	1
that	1
the	1
FreeSpeak	1
fits	1
very	1
well,	1
and	1
easily	1
qualifies	1
as	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
used.Other	1
positives	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
carry	1
my	1
phone,	1
MP3	1
player	1
and	1
blackberry.	1
I	1
was	1
unsure	1
how	1
this	1
charger	1
would	1
fit	1
my	1
phone,	1
but	1
it	1
works	1
perfectly	1
fine.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money,	1
buy	1
a	1
different	1
brand!	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
case	1
for	1
about	1
six	1
month	1
so	1
far	1
and	1
it's	1
already	1
starting	1
to	1
fall	1
apart.	1
but	1
yeah,	1
this	1
charger	1
is	1
cheap	1
but	1
will	1
stop	1
working	1
eventually.	1
Cos	1
if	1
it	1
were	1
so	1
'good'	1
I	1
probably	1
wouldnt	1
need	1
to	1
buy	1
a	1
back-up	1
battery	1
pack	1
now,	1
would	1
I?	1
Then,	1
after	1
going	1
to	1
the	1
AT&T;	1
wireless	1
store	1
near	1
me,	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
plantronics	1
320.	1
Did	1
I	1
Receive	1
the	1
Same	1
Product?.	1
You	1
can't	1
beat	1
this	1
service	1
and	1
not	1
too	1
mention	1
the	1
discounted	1
prices.	1
(If	1
you	1
have	1
some	1
issue	1
like	1
me,	1
hope	1
this	1
will	1
help	1
!	1
)	1
You	1
can	1
assign	1
peoples	1
names	1
to	1
pictures	1
and	1
picture	1
id's.	1
The	1
battery	1
would	1
not	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
straight	1
out	1
of	1
box,	1
but	1
at	1
the	1
price	1
it	1
was	1
sold,	1
I	1
knew	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
hit	1
or	1
miss.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
reliable	1
phone	1
with	1
Speakerphone,	1
Camera	1
and	1
Bluetooth	1
(for	1
hands-free	1
operation).	1
(The	1
7-11's	1
also	1
have	1
scratch-off	1
cards	1
to	1
"fill	1
up"	1
on	1
usage	1
minutes	1
as	1
you	1
go	1
--no	1
contracts.	1
It	1
still	1
did	1
not	1
fit	1
although	1
again,	1
the	1
model	1
number	1
indicated	1
it	1
should.	1
good	1
value.	1
The	1
service	1
was	1
excellent.	1
5	1
STARS!!!!	1
Although	1
the	1
price	1
differs	1
from	1
a	1
normal	1
chargers	1
-	1
you	1
can	1
buy	1
them	1
even	1
for	1
$5	1
they	1
do	1
require	1
this	1
middle	1
part	1
which	1
is	1
annoying:)	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
item.	1
Does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
Moto	1
V173.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
rip	1
off.	1
Not	1
for	1
a	1
Vx8500	1
Chocolate	1
cell	1
phone.	1
They	1
all	1
told	1
me	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
struggling	1
to	1
hear	1
me.	1
What	1
are	1
dual	1
displays?	1
When	1
we	1
upgraded	1
our	1
Cell	1
one	1
contract	1
to	1
GSM,	1
I	1
went	1
with	1
a	1
RAZR,	1
my	1
wife	1
went	1
with	1
a	1
SE	1
Z500.	1
Battery	1
not	1
"new".	1
Wonderful	1
product!	1
I	1
never	1
received	1
this	1
order.	1
This	1
smart	1
phone	1
holder	1
is	1
just	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
theBreffo	1
Spiderpodium,	1
only	1
it	1
is	1
half	1
the	1
price.	1
The	1
sound,	1
however,	1
was	1
great	1
and	1
I	1
feel	1
strongly	1
that	1
the	1
ear	1
gel	1
is	1
the	1
reason.	1
I	1
was	1
connected	1
with	1
a	1
French	1
phone	1
number	1
while	1
I	1
was	1
still	1
in	1
the	1
store.	1
It	1
does	1
the	1
job	1
but	1
the	1
controls	1
aren't	1
placed	1
or	1
sized	1
very	1
well.	1
The	1
video	1
camera	1
feature	1
of	1
the	1
t809	1
is	1
outstanding-	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
main	1
reason	1
I	1
went	1
with	1
this	1
model.	1
Its	1
never	1
a	1
fun	1
scramble,	1
especially	1
when	1
someone	1
important	1
is	1
at	1
the	1
other	1
end.	1
Why	1
don't	1
they	1
start	1
adding	1
labor	1
cost	1
overhead	1
fees,	1
capital	1
expenditure	1
cost	1
fees,	1
misc.	1
It's	1
constantly	1
blurry	1
and	1
grainy,	1
even	1
in	1
the	1
best	1
of	1
lighting,	1
with	1
noticeable	1
discoloration	1
and	1
aberration	1
in	1
lowered	1
lighting.	1
Does	1
the	1
job.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
Five	1
numbers	1
per	1
person---that's	1
pretty	1
crazy	1
to	1
me,	1
the	1
fact	1
we	1
have	1
more	1
phone	1
numbers	1
than	1
we	1
have	1
people	1
to	1
use	1
them!	1
listen	1
to	1
me.	1
This	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
is	1
so	1
comfortable	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
Bluetooth	1
headset.	1
I	1
work	1
for	1
an	1
University	1
and	1
my	1
contract	1
was	1
due	1
2	1
months	1
ago.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
good	1
leather	1
cases	1
go	1
to	1
verizonwireless.com	1
and	1
buy	1
one	1
from	1
there.	1
I	1
heard	1
from	1
many	1
other	1
reviews	1
with	1
this	1
same	1
problem	1
and	1
many	1
fixed	1
the	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
Jabra	1
EarGels.	1
Never	1
did	1
they	1
(or	1
I)	1
put	1
2	1
and	1
2	1
together	1
to	1
see	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
the	1
SD	1
card	1
(although	1
right	1
now	1
it's	1
working,	1
and	1
the	1
card	1
is	1
not	1
in	1
it	1
-	1
go	1
figure!).	1
(As	1
a	1
side	1
note,	1
Ace	1
provided	1
nominal	1
compensation	1
for	1
my	1
trouble,	1
which	1
was	1
appreciated.)	1
Then,	1
when	1
it's	1
done,	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to	1
turn	1
blue.	1
Sure,	1
it	1
looks	1
pretty	1
and	1
has	1
cool	1
features,	1
but	1
the	1
one	1
feature	1
it	1
is	1
missing	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
thing	1
called	1
being	1
a	1
good	1
phone.	1
Sharp	1
edges	1
and	1
fingerprints	1
marks.	1
I	1
think	1
they	1
need	1
to	1
make	1
the	1
base	1
unit	1
more	1
powerful?	1
I	1
only	1
use	1
them	1
for	1
listening	1
to	1
audio	1
books	1
and	1
music	1
on	1
my	1
cell	1
phone.	1
It	1
stopped	1
the	1
call	1
history	1
and	1
id,	1
which	1
is	1
a	1
major	1
part	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
on	1
the	1
dashboard	1
in	1
various	1
spots	1
and	1
on	1
the	1
console	1
and	1
it	1
just	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
I	1
am	1
returning	1
mine	1
for	1
the	1
second	1
time	1
now.	1
Small	1
speaker	1
output	1
at	1
the	1
top	1
the	1
phone	1
compare	1
to	1
other	1
phone.8.	1
Random	1
Dropped	1
signal	1
and	1
calls.	1
They	1
tell	1
me	1
to	1
wait	1
24	1
hours	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
activateThrice...the	1
phone	1
never	1
activates.	1
All	1
of	1
the	1
usual	1
HotSync	1
programs	1
work	1
I	1
heard	1
myself	1
relatively	1
clearly,	1
after	1
tinkering	1
with	1
the	1
settings.	1
I	1
liked	1
it	1
because	1
I	1
could	1
see	1
call	1
lists	1
for	1
dialed	1
numbers/recieved/missed.	1
Not	1
worth	1
returning	1
so	1
it's	1
is	1
a	1
desk	1
drawer.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
pay	1
a	1
dime	1
for	1
this	1
thing.	1
I	1
recommend	1
it	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
cheap	1
cell	1
phone	1
holster.	1
Can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price..	1
Great	1
little	1
headset	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
unbeatable.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money.	1
The	1
sound	1
quality	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
was	1
ok	1
--	1
about	1
what	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
like	1
just	1
using	1
the	1
regular	1
speakerphone	1
function	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
You	1
must	1
remember	1
the	1
sensor	1
has	1
to	1
touch	1
your	1
face	1
while	1
you	1
talk.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
although	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
bulky,	1
it	1
performs	1
everywhere	1
excellently.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
performed	1
beautifully	1
for	1
the	1
last	1
year.	1
I	1
was	1
pleasantly	1
surprised	1
with	1
its	1
looks	1
once	1
I	1
rec'd	1
the	1
shipment.	1
beginning	1
to	1
experience	1
frequent	1
drop	1
calls	1
after	1
3-4	1
months	1
of	1
using	1
it.	1
In	1
short,	1
you	1
must	1
add	1
a	1
contact	1
prior	1
to	1
sending	1
a	1
text	1
message;	1
which	1
leads	1
me	1
to	1
my	1
next	1
gripe.	1
The	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
I've	1
tried.	1
I	1
was	1
out	1
$150	1
canx	1
fee	1
plus	1
over	1
$100	1
for	1
the	1
card.	1
I	1
opened	1
cover	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
sizzling	1
hole	1
that	1
burned	1
thru	1
the	1
case	1
of	1
the	1
cordless	1
phone	1
battery	1
while	1
in	1
phone.	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
1st	1
time	1
having	1
a	1
Bluetooh	1
headset	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
totally	1
satisfied	1
with	1
this	1
device.	1
When	1
i	1
recieve	1
the	1
phone,	1
all	1
was	1
well.	1
Super	1
low	1
price	1
and	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
within	1
three	1
days	1
of	1
ordering	1
using	1
ground	1
shipping.	1
Apparently	1
there	1
are	1
many,	1
many	1
fewer	1
850	1
band	1
radios	1
deployed	1
than	1
1900.	1
It	1
works,	1
but	1
a	1
dedicated	1
cellphone	1
will	1
work	1
better	1
for	1
that	1
one	1
purpose.	1
Occassionally	1
the	1
screen	1
is	1
black	1
when	1
you	1
open	1
it,	1
or	1
blacks-out	1
when	1
you	1
press	1
a	1
key.	1
I	1
own	1
a	1
razr,	1
I	1
rate	1
it	1
at	1
4	1
stars	1
becuase	1
it's	1
major	1
flaw	1
is	1
that	1
it's	1
too	1
quiet.	1
Jawbone	1
does	1
not	1
seem	1
to	1
offer	1
any	1
other	1
buds	1
(not	1
even	1
spares)	1
so	1
I	1
just	1
ordered	1
some	1
Acoustibuds	1
in	1
the	1
hope	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
actually	1
use	1
it.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
perfect	1
for	1
beginers	1
w/	1
there	1
first	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Leather,	1
belt	1
clip	1
and	1
very	1
convenient.	1
Especially	1
since	1
Cingular	1
will	1
not	1
allow	1
the	1
SMARTPHONE	1
connect	1
plan	1
to	1
be	1
used	1
with	1
SMARTPHONES!	1
You	1
do	1
the	1
math	1
and	1
tell	1
me	1
it	1
doesn't	1
hold	1
enough	1
pictures!Having	1
the	1
internal	1
antenna	1
hasn't	1
been	1
a	1
concern	1
for	1
me.	1
I	1
installed	1
the	1
software,	1
and	1
set	1
it	1
up	1
for	1
my	1
phone,	1
all	1
I	1
got	1
was	1
a	1
message	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
connected	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
phone	1
that	1
I	1
set	1
it	1
up	1
for!(?).	1
Love	1
Grips	1
on	1
the	1
side!.	1
Works	1
in	1
stereo	1
for	1
XV6700.	1
While	1
checking	1
out	1
the	1
phone,	1
the	1
Cellcom	1
tech	1
immediately	1
noticed	1
something	1
fishy	1
about	1
the	1
battery.	1
My	1
bluetooth	1
works	1
very	1
well.	1
This	1
has	1
been	1
delivered	1
pretty	1
much	1
on	1
time	1
although	1
not	1
directly	1
from	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
think	1
we	1
would	1
ALL	1
prefer	1
these	1
features	1
over	1
having	1
a	1
feature	1
like	1
a	1
camera	1
in	1
our	1
phones.	1
Great	1
Device.	1
It	1
goes	1
into	1
sleep	1
mode	1
after	1
a	1
short	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
but	1
doesn't	1
reconnect	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
unless	1
you	1
request	1
it	1
to	1
do	1
so,	1
sending	1
calls	1
to	1
voice	1
mail.	1
A	1
great	1
charger!	1
I	1
was	1
terribly	1
surprised	1
because	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
buy	1
different	1
earbuds	1
for	1
my	1
iPod	1
also.	1
The	1
annoying	1
static	1
occurs	1
even	1
when	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
my	1
hip,	1
and	1
you	1
can't	1
walk	1
from	1
room	1
to	1
room	1
without	1
the	1
interference	1
getting	1
loud.	1
However,	1
I	1
now	1
get	1
full	1
bars	1
in	1
my	1
house	1
and	1
every	1
place	1
at	1
work.	1
The	1
phone	1
was	1
fine	1
until	1
it	1
broke.	1
Not	1
worth	1
it.	1
Once	1
the	1
RAZR	1
was	1
off	1
for	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
notice,	1
because	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
push	1
the	1
button	1
to	1
check.6.	1
We	1
really	1
wanted	1
to	1
give	1
my	1
parents	1
a	1
cell	1
phone;	1
they	1
are	1
retired	1
and	1
on	1
the	1
road	1
a	1
lot	1
in	1
their	1
motorhome.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
$$$.	1
i	1
just	1
love	1
it!	1
Overall,	1
it's	1
a	1
good	1
little	1
phone	1
and	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
regret	1
my	1
purchase.	1
You	1
can	1
send	1
photos	1
over	1
bluetooth	1
to	1
a	1
Mac/PC	1
just	1
fine.	1
Went	1
to	1
local	1
electronics	1
store	1
and	1
purchased	1
right	1
item.	1
My	1
Wife	1
drives	1
a	1
practically	1
new	1
Chevy	1
Blazer	1
and	1
I	1
drive	1
a	1
19-year	1
old	1
GMC	1
Jimmy.	1
WARNING	1
-	1
Features	1
intentionally	1
disabled!.	1
I	1
ate	1
the	1
...	1
early	1
termination	1
fee,	1
I	1
was	1
that	1
fed	1
up	1
with	1
AT&T.	1
This	1
headset	1
from	1
Amazon	1
looks	1
different	1
and	1
is	1
truly	1
an	1
inferior	1
product.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
convenient.No	1
purse	1
to	1
carry	1
and	1
with	1
the	1
fanny	1
pack	1
I	1
havehands	1
free	1
shopping.	1
Or	1
even	1
more	1
so,	1
being	1
bluetooth.	1
Who's	1
rule	1
is	1
it	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
give	1
everyone	1
and	1
everything	1
at	1
least	1
one	1
star?	1
Not	1
a	1
bad	1
converter.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
very	1
unique	1
experience	1
with	1
the	1
Blackberry	1
7100.	1
What	1
can	1
I	1
say?They	1
both	1
work	1
as	1
advertised	1
and	1
for	1
an	1
incredibly	1
low	1
price.Sandisk	1
-	1
why	1
don't	1
you	1
include	1
these	1
as	1
part	1
of	1
your	1
package?	1
If	1
you	1
buy	1
this	1
product,	1
you	1
have	1
one	1
year	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
I	1
use	1
voice	1
recognition	1
with	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
that	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
I	1
hoped.	1
looks	1
incredibly	1
cheap/ugly.	1
It	1
arrived	1
at	1
a	1
latter	1
date	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
snow	1
however,	1
I	1
saved	1
over	1
100.00	1
by	1
buying	1
these	1
products	1
here	1
appose	1
to	1
buying	1
local.	1
The	1
quality	1
was	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
tell	1
anyone	1
to	1
purchase	1
this	1
item.	1
I	1
rarely	1
use	1
it	1
because	1
once	1
it	1
is	1
set	1
up,	1
it	1
then	1
becomes	1
difficult	1
to	1
revert	1
to	1
landline	1
calls.	1
The	1
rubber	1
earpieces	1
do	1
isolate	1
the	1
rest	1
of	1
the	1
outside	1
noise	1
which	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
for	1
sound,	1
but	1
not	1
good	1
if	1
you're	1
jogging/biking	1
outdoors	1
etc.	1
I	1
have	1
charged	1
it	1
about	1
4	1
times	1
so	1
far	1
and	1
seems	1
to	1
last	1
almost	1
2x	1
as	1
long	1
as	1
the	1
original	1
OEM	1
battery	1
from	1
my	1
cell.	1
Works	1
fine!!.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
I	1
have	1
with	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
giant	1
box	1
you	1
stick	1
on	1
your	1
outlet.	1
***	1
BEWARE.	1
I	1
also	1
really	1
liked	1
that	1
you	1
could	1
turn	1
it	1
off	1
easily	1
by	1
closing	1
the	1
mic	1
boom.	1
The	1
Sumsung	1
I	1
carry	1
around	1
with	1
me	1
needs	1
a	1
recharge	1
every	1
other	1
day.	1
works	1
perfectly	1
and	1
at	1
$2	1
for	1
a	1
plantronics	1
headset,	1
a	1
brand	1
i've	1
used	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
15	1
years,	1
i	1
couldn't	1
be	1
happier.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
thing	1
only	1
so	1
much	1
more	1
affordable.	1
The	1
Wifi	1
and	1
Phone	1
features	1
are	1
another	1
gain.	1
However,	1
the	1
battery	1
only	1
lasted	1
a	1
couple	1
hours.	1
It's	1
way	1
to	1
bright.	1
This	1
review	1
is	1
just	1
to	1
make	1
you	1
aware	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
turning	1
off	1
without	1
reason.	1
The	1
sales	1
reps	1
spoke	1
of	1
it	1
as	1
if	1
it	1
were	1
the	1
second	1
coming	1
of	1
Jesus,	1
but	1
they	1
must	1
have	1
been	1
lied	1
to	1
as	1
well.	1
The	1
speaker	1
sound	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
callers	1
say	1
I	1
sound	1
very	1
clear	1
on	1
it	1
too.The	1
positives	1
I've	1
had	1
my	1
enV	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
month	1
now	1
and	1
I'm	1
generally	1
happy	1
with	1
it..EXCEPT...call	1
quality	1
not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
razr	1
I	1
had	1
prior	1
to	1
the	1
enV.	1
It	1
provides	1
sufficient	1
amplification	1
even	1
for	1
the	1
softest	1
of	1
talkers	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
line.	1
This	1
product	1
gets	1
an	1
F-	1
for	1
engineering,	1
but	1
a	1
B	1
for	1
sound	1
quality,	1
hence,	1
2	1
stars.	1
There's	1
nothing	1
too	1
fancy	1
about.	1
After	1
using	1
10-15	1
mins	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
getting	1
fully	1
discharged.	1
Great	1
phone,	1
good	1
battery,	1
nice	1
interface.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
unit	1
1	1
year	1
ago	1
and	1
have	1
plenty	1
of	1
experience	1
with	1
it.	1
Unfortunately,	1
the	1
plug	1
on	1
this	1
headset	1
has	1
a	1
collar	1
on	1
it	1
that	1
prevents	1
usage	1
on	1
certain	1
phones.	1
Great	1
Value.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
minimal	1
dropped	1
calls	1
and	1
get	1
signal	1
pretty	1
much	1
wherever	1
I	1
go.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
Plantronics	1
640	1
so	1
I	1
wasn't	1
wanting	1
to	1
replace	1
it.	1
Clearly	1
not	1
that	1
great..	1
Bought	1
2,	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
myself.	1
Avoid	1
this	1
phone!.	1
well	1
put	1
together..	1
I've	1
gotten	1
the	1
phone	1
just	1
recently,	1
i	1
was	1
hesitant	1
at	1
first	1
bec.	1
Unfortunately,	1
the	1
batteries	1
aren't	1
well	1
made.	1
The	1
appearance	1
of	1
this	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
looks	1
fine.	1
Nice	1
idea	1
but	1
poorly	1
implemented.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
and	1
most	1
likely	1
last	1
review	1
as	1
I	1
don't	1
usually	1
like	1
to	1
waste	1
my	1
time	1
writing	1
these.	1
We've	1
had	1
our	1
Supertooth	1
Light(STL)	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
now	1
and	1
paid	1
about	1
$[...].	1
Easily	1
connected	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
tmobile.	1
Don't	1
have	1
drivers	1
to	1
get	1
this	1
to	1
work	1
on	1
linux	1
properly,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
detectable.	1
Incredible	1
Device.	1
While	1
it's	1
still	1
usable,	1
it	1
is	1
unattractive	1
and	1
lets	1
in	1
dirt	1
and	1
dust	1
very	1
easily.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
If	1
you	1
just	1
want	1
this	1
phone	1
simply	1
for	1
phone	1
calls,	1
then	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
for	1
you.	1
My	1
battery	1
life	1
is	1
comparable	1
to	1
other	1
phones	1
I	1
have	1
had.	1
Clarity	1
could	1
be	1
better	1
but	1
otherwise	1
great.	1
Look	1
at	1
all	1
the	1
negative	1
feedback	1
they	1
get.	1
Probably	1
Cingular's	1
fault,	1
but	1
it	1
really	1
bugs	1
me	1
you	1
cannot	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
while	1
GPRS	1
is	1
doing	1
its	1
thing.	1
Wired	1
provides	1
the	1
best	1
quality	1
connection....unfortunately.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
light	1
so	1
you	1
don't	1
even	1
feel	1
it	1
in	1
your	1
ear,	1
but	1
what	1
good	1
is	1
that	1
if	1
it	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
There	1
were	1
no	1
instructions	1
enclosed,	1
just	1
the	1
actual	1
headset.I	1
tried	1
the	1
headset	1
on	1
my	1
Treo	1
755p.	1
Imagine	1
the	1
fustration	1
when	1
you	1
remember	1
locking	1
your	1
keypad	1
as	1
in	1
above	1
and	1
decide	1
to	1
look	1
at	1
the	1
time.	1
Nice	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Very,	1
very	1
happy.	1
Died	1
after	1
couple	1
of	1
days-wasted	1
my	1
money.	1
Using	1
a	1
new	1
technology	1
of	1
touch	1
sensitivity,	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
difficult	1
to	1
use	1
and	1
constantly	1
dials	1
numbers	1
while	1
it	1
should	1
be	1
locked.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
value	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
paid.	1
This	1
battery	1
was	1
a	1
major	1
disappointment.	1
So	1
far	1
so	1
good	1
with	1
this	1
one,	1
plus	1
the	1
glowing	1
tip	1
(besides	1
just	1
being	1
neat-o)	1
makes	1
it	1
easy	1
to	1
find.	1
The	1
long	1
awaited	1
Body	1
Glove	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
Nokia	1
3390	1
was	1
the	1
longest	1
wait	1
I	1
had.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
phone	1
w/service	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
I	1
could	1
return	1
for	1
full	1
refund	1
and	1
only	1
charged	1
for	1
any	1
air	1
time	1
used.	1
It	1
just	1
really	1
sucks	1
for	1
those	1
of	1
us	1
with	1
small	1
ear	1
canals.	1
I	1
quit	1
using	1
the	1
holdster.	1
RIP	1
OFF!!!!!!	1
Unfortunately,	1
I	1
have	1
yet	1
to	1
find	1
anyone	1
who	1
tells	1
me	1
that	1
this	1
will	1
fix	1
this	1
problem	1
and	1
keep	1
it	1
from	1
recurring.	1
I	1
can	1
not	1
stress	1
how	1
much	1
this	1
will	1
be	1
irritating2.	1
I	1
then	1
realized	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
also	1
what	1
I	1
wanted	1
in	1
a	1
phone	1
too.	1
I	1
strongly	1
demand	1
amazon,	1
not	1
to	1
sell	1
this	1
product	1
on	1
their	1
site	1
and	1
loose	1
their	1
credibility.	1
The	1
downside	1
is	1
the	1
length	1
of	1
the	1
cord	1
--	1
a	1
bit	1
shorter	1
than	1
she	1
(or	1
I)	1
would	1
prefer.	1
"pay	1
more	1
for	1
a	1
real	1
treo	1
connector.	1
Perfect	1
no	1
but	1
am	1
not	1
sure	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
perfect	1
anything	1
out	1
there.	1
This	1
one	1
is	1
very	1
durable.	1
Will	1
fit	1
ANY	1
cigarette	1
lighter	1
port	1
no	1
matter	1
which	1
car	1
you	1
haveSave	1
the	1
search	1
time	1
and	1
go	1
with	1
this	1
one...VERY	1
nice	1
unit!	1
I	1
would	1
purchase	1
this	1
case	1
again,	1
but	1
next	1
time	1
I'd	1
pick	1
a	1
dark	1
color.	1
Only	1
problem	1
is	1
the	1
magnet	1
might	1
cause	1
your	1
phone	1
to	1
turn	1
on	1
or	1
off	1
as	1
I	1
used	1
it	1
to	1
carry	1
my	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
phone	1
instead	1
of	1
a	1
Motorola.	1
I	1
called	1
Motorola's	1
help	1
line,	1
and	1
they	1
gave	1
me	1
suggestion	1
that	1
were	1
no	1
help.	1
Excellent	1
incoming	1
sound	1
quality	1
-	1
anything	1
less	1
and	1
you	1
will	1
not	1
be	1
thrilled.	1
I	1
am	1
one	1
of	1
those	1
trendy	1
college	1
kids	1
that	1
MUST	1
have	1
the	1
best	1
of	1
everything.	1
The	1
Eforcity	1
adapter	1
gives	1
sound	1
just	1
as	1
clear	1
as	1
a	1
good	1
stereo	1
system.	1
It's	1
the	1
most	1
user	1
friendly	1
headset	1
I've	1
used.	1
Mind	1
you,	1
I	1
always	1
carefully	1
placed	1
my	1
phone	1
in	1
protective	1
purse	1
pockets	1
when	1
out	1
&	1
about.	1
Stiffness	1
of	1
the	1
cord	1
makes	1
earpieces	1
move	1
in	1
your	1
ear	1
if	1
you	1
move	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
feature	1
that	1
did	1
not	1
work	1
was	1
the	1
clock.	1
How	1
will	1
you	1
know	1
if	1
information	1
provided	1
by	1
Cingular	1
is	1
accurate?3.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
drop	1
calls,	1
and	1
lately	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
hearing	1
this	1
weird	1
ticking	1
sound.	1
Perfect	1
size	1
and	1
weight.	1
In	1
my	1
town,	1
not	1
a	1
small	1
town	1
by	1
any	1
means,	1
there	1
are	1
very	1
few	1
places	1
that	1
have	1
any	1
service.	1
Having	1
to	1
mess	1
with	1
the	1
audio	1
formats	1
gets	1
me	1
to	1
the	1
point	1
of	1
saying	1
Why	1
bother?"""	1
I	1
use	1
this	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
TomTom	1
920	1
GPS	1
receiver.	1
When	1
I	1
purchased	1
the	1
phone	1
i	1
didn't	1
get	1
a	1
car	1
charger.	1
Generates	1
terrible	1
static	1
or	1
hangs	1
up	1
my	1
phone	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
try	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
my	1
Samsung	1
cell	1
phone.	1
everything	1
I	1
buy	1
from	1
these	1
guys	1
is	1
quality	1
stuff	1
for	1
dirt	1
cheap!	1
This	1
phone	1
should	1
be	1
sold	1
to	1
existing	1
customers	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
think	1
you	1
will	1
too!	1
2	1
of	1
which	1
were	1
in	1
the	1
last	1
2	1
weeks.	1
The	1
only	1
gripe	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
doesn't	1
have	1
all	1
the	1
nice	1
features	1
of	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
other	1
phones	1
(voice	1
dialing,	1
camera,	1
bluetooth).	1
Only	1
useful	1
for	1
updating	1
your	1
phone	1
book	1
or	1
charging	1
the	1
phone.	1
I	1
returned	1
the	1
defective	1
order	1
requesting	1
a	1
refund.	1
I've	1
owned	1
alot	1
of	1
headsets	1
and	1
have	1
never	1
been	1
happy	1
with	1
one	1
until	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
one	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
ago.	1
Recommend	1
this	1
seller	1
highly!	1
wanted	1
the	1
charger	1
as	1
a	1
temporary	1
charger,	1
but	1
it	1
has	1
proven	1
good	1
for	1
longer	1
term.	1
Haven't	1
had	1
much	1
luck	1
using	1
it	1
with	1
a	1
BT	1
USB	1
dongle,	1
it	1
is	1
inconsistant.	1
Software	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
cable.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
to	1
big	1
for	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
is	1
very	1
uncomfortable	1
at	1
best.	1
The	1
keyboard	1
is	1
definitely	1
full-size	1
with	1
a	1
number	1
row	1
at	1
the	1
top,	1
which	1
is	1
not	1
on	1
all	1
foldables.	1
Disappointed.	1
Extremely	1
unsatisfied.	1
your	1
directories	1
arent	1
enough	1
for	1
me.why	1
dont	1
you	1
have	1
a	1
map.because	1
its	1
very	1
crowded.	1
These	1
headphones	1
are	1
great.	1
Setup	1
was	1
a	1
breeze.The	1
blue	1
tooth	1
works	1
perfectly	1
with	1
my	1
AT&T;	1
Tilt	1
phone.	1
I	1
received	1
my	1
case	1
on	1
a	1
Friday,	1
even	1
after	1
seeing	1
another	1
review	1
warning	1
about	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
breaking	1
easily.	1
(g)	1
The	1
software	1
that	1
allows	1
synchronization	1
of	1
contacts	1
with	1
one's	1
PC	1
is	1
unreliable.	1
PalmOne	1
ROM	1
update	1
fixes	1
flaws.	1
I'm	1
pleased	1
and	1
will	1
buy	1
another	1
one	1
for	1
backup	1
or	1
travelling	1
on	1
my	1
next	1
order	1
from	1
Amazon	1
-	1
just	1
in	1
case.Update	1
Much	1
better.	1
After	1
searching	1
for	1
a	1
Body	1
Glove	1
Cell	1
phone	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
Sony	1
Ericsson	1
W810i	1
and	1
not	1
finding	1
any,	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
go	1
with	1
this	1
Original	1
pouch	1
case.	1
Pretty	1
nice,	1
and	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
others.....	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
earbud	1
as	1
an	1
upgrade	1
to	1
the	1
earbud	1
which	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
AT&amp;T,Nokia	1
8260.	1
One	1
day	1
working,	1
one	1
day	1
not.Great	1
idea,	1
poor	1
implementation.	1
all	1
phone	1
numbers,	1
calender	1
events,	1
notes,	1
reminders,	1
alarms,	1
all	1
that	1
junk	1
can	1
be	1
made	1
and	1
entered	1
online	1
and	1
it	1
goes	1
right	1
to	1
ur	1
device.	1
There	1
are	1
graphical	1
icons	1
that	1
take	1
you	1
to	1
different	1
feature	1
sets	1
and	1
then	1
there	1
are	1
pop	1
up	1
menus	1
that	1
come	1
up	1
under	1
each	1
selection.	1
The	1
VERY	1
first	1
day	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
phone	1
I	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
side	1
pocket	1
of	1
my	1
purse	1
and	1
at	1
the	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
day,	1
it	1
had	1
three	1
obvious	1
scratches	1
on	1
it.	1
RAZR	1
for	1
T-Mobile.	1
Nice	1
product.	1
I	1
would	1
buy	1
another	1
if	1
I	1
needed	1
another,	1
this	1
unit	1
seems	1
of	1
better	1
quality	1
than	1
those	1
cheap	1
ones	1
you	1
see	1
elsewhere.	1
It	1
was	1
OK	1
at	1
first.	1
The	1
Nokia	1
3650	1
can	1
be	1
described	1
with	1
one	1
word	1
Every	1
caller	1
said	1
I	1
sounded	1
as	1
though	1
I	1
was	1
talking	1
as	1
normal.	1
micro	1
sd	1
it	1
cute,	1
and	1
may	1
be	1
compatible	1
with	1
other	1
cell	1
phones,	1
but	1
there	1
are	1
no	1
peripherals	1
available	1
for	1
micro	1
sd,	1
it	1
should	1
be	1
sd3.	1
I've	1
learned	1
to	1
reset	1
the	1
unit's	1
"on"	1
button	1
and	1
then	1
it	1
works	1
great.	1
In	1
short,	1
unless	1
you	1
have	1
superb	1
hearing(suprman)	1
I	1
would	1
avoid	1
this	1
phone.	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
makes	1
it	1
affordable	1
and	1
this	1
cool	1
phone	1
makes	1
me	1
feel	1
like	1
I'm	1
not	1
missing	1
out	1
by	1
being	1
with	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
big	1
wireless	1
companies.	1
The	1
reception	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
v60	1
(the	1
one	1
I	1
had	1
before).	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
too	1
good	1
to	1
be	1
true	1
and	1
it	1
was!	1
I	1
have	1
owned	1
it	1
for	1
6	1
months	1
and	1
still	1
don't	1
like	1
it.	1
It	1
quite	1
snugly	1
fits	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
not	1
impossible	1
to	1
put	1
on/remove.	1
Don't	1
make	1
the	1
same	1
mistake	1
I	1
did.	1
At	1
first,	1
I	1
was	1
hesitant	1
because	1
I	1
thought	1
it	1
was	1
entirely	1
too	1
expensive.	1
I	1
was	1
totally	1
ripped	1
off.	1
My	1
only	1
complaint	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
swivel	1
connection	1
to	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
allows	1
the	1
pouch	1
rotate	1
freely.	1
The	1
electro	1
blue	1
lighting	1
in	1
the	1
front	1
is	1
way	1
cool	1
and	1
the	1
design	1
is	1
super	1
sleek.	1
got	1
it	1
a	1
day	1
later	1
basically	1
ordered	1
around	1
10	1
pm	1
and	1
got	1
it	1
around	1
today	1
so	1
great	1
shipping	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great,	1
drivers	1
work	1
and	1
everything!	1
The	1
phone	1
maybe	1
fine,	1
but	1
T-Mobile	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
customer	1
service	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
come	1
across.	1
so	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
ok	1
with	1
paying	1
an	1
additional	1
cell	1
phone	1
bill	1
or	1
if	1
you're	1
not	1
in	1
a	1
contract	1
with	1
anyone	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
deal.	1
I	1
bought	1
these	1
from	1
a	1
Radio	1
Shack	1
(they	1
were	1
very	1
hard	1
to	1
find	1
anywhere)	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
VERY	1
skeptical	1
because	1
of	1
all	1
the	1
bad	1
reviews.	1
I	1
can	1
also	1
promise	1
you	1
that	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
correct	1
product	1
in	1
hand,	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
be	1
spending	1
my	1
time	1
and	1
energy	1
complaining	1
about	1
this.	1
Remote	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
the	1
cube.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
going	1
back.	1
Defective	1
or	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
for	1
Sanyo	1
RL-7300.	1
I	1
believe	1
that	1
posting	1
a	1
photo	1
that	1
does	1
not	1
match	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
false	1
and	1
misleading	1
advertising.	1
Be	1
careful	1
to	1
see	1
what	1
you	1
actually	1
receive	1
from	1
these	1
folks.	1
simple	1
and	1
straightforward.	1
The	1
device	1
itself	1
isn't	1
bad,	1
but	1
the	1
problems	1
it	1
does	1
have	1
don't	1
make	1
up	1
for	1
its	1
features,	1
form	1
factor,	1
or	1
anything	1
good	1
it	1
offers.	1
The	1
ruby	1
pearl	1
color	1
is	1
real	1
attractive	1
and	1
makes	1
the	1
thing	1
look	1
like	1
a	1
1955	1
T-Bird	1
or	1
something.	1
What	1
they	1
were	1
thinking,	1
I'll	1
never	1
know	1
I've	1
always	1
liked	1
this	1
case	1
from	1
the	1
day	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
item	1
because	1
state	1
law	1
requires	1
a	1
headset	1
be	1
used	1
while	1
driving.	1
I	1
was	1
within	1
a	1
foot	1
of	1
it	1
and	1
could	1
hear	1
my	1
wife	1
clear	1
as	1
a	1
bell(on	1
the	1
highest	1
volume,	1
she	1
could	1
hear	1
fine	1
at	1
the	1
lowest	1
setting).	1
Overall,	1
my	1
experience	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
was	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
one.	1
So	1
here's	1
my	1
story...	1
I	1
previously	1
owned	1
an	1
LG	1
AT&T;	1
Wireless	1
phone	1
that	1
received	1
what	1
I	1
would	1
grade	1
B	1
reception.	1
Very	1
disappointed	1
guess	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
believed	1
the	1
reviews.	1
Good	1
you	1
can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price.	1
This	1
was	1
very	1
frustrating	1
and	1
caused	1
me	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
grief	1
as	1
I	1
was	1
not	1
able	1
to	1
get	1
on	1
the	1
Internet	1
for	1
a	1
week	1
due	1
to	1
Amazon's	1
problem.	1
I	1
strongly	1
advise	1
against	1
buying	1
it.	1
I	1
tried	1
Sprint	1
for	1
double	1
the	1
amount	1
and	1
sent	1
it	1
back.	1
The	1
company	1
was	1
great	1
to	1
work	1
with,	1
but	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk!	1
This	1
process	1
was	1
so	1
Easy!!.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
know	1
if	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
used	1
battery	1
or	1
not,	1
I	1
ordered	1
a	1
new	1
battery.	1
This	1
is	1
definitely	1
an	1
item	1
one	1
should	1
try	1
before	1
buying.	1
Got	1
phoned	1
back	1
by	1
HP,	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
they	1
cannot	1
repair	1
the	1
unit	1
they	1
offered	1
a	1
swap	1
and	1
wanted	1
to	1
charge	1
me	1
303$	1
(excessive).	1
I	1
like	1
the	1
motorola	1
H670	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
reasons.	1
Best	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
so	1
far....	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
through	1
4	1
different	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
so	1
far,	1
and	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
far	1
and	1
away	1
the	1
best.	1
Cheaply	1
Made,	1
But	1
Cheaply	1
Bought.	1
It's	1
extremely	1
lightweightSolid	1
bluetooth	1
headset,	1
particularly	1
considering	1
the	1
price.	1
Two	1
Broken	1
Phones	1
Later....	1
I	1
ordered	1
my	1
first	1
N75	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
ago.	1
I	1
then	1
ordered	1
a	1
regular	1
ear	1
bud	1
and	1
like	1
it	1
much,	1
much	1
better.	1
Recently,	1
some	1
calls	1
would	1
have	1
heavy	1
static	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
call	1
the	1
other	1
person	1
back.	1
Any	1
other	1
USB	1
device	1
I	1
connect	1
works	1
with	1
no	1
problem	1
whatsoever.	1
My	1
experience	1
was	1
Awful	1
indeed.	1
Thankfully	1
no	1
damage	1
was	1
caused	1
to	1
the	1
axim.	1
The	1
over-the-ear	1
speaker	1
is	1
much	1
more	1
comfortable	1
than	1
the	1
in-the-ear	1
headsets.	1
Reversible	1
for	1
either	1
ear.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
ago,	1
it's	1
held	1
up	1
pretty	1
well.	1
Highly	1
recommended!	1
It	1
does	1
have	1
a	1
good	1
(not	1
great)	1
camera,	1
the	1
MP3	1
player	1
plays	1
MP3s,	1
and	1
the	1
micro	1
SD	1
card	1
is	1
nice.	1
The	1
phone	1
screen	1
cracks	1
easily	1
i	1
dropped	1
mine	1
closed	1
and	1
the	1
liquid	1
started	1
coming	1
out	1
so	1
i	1
had	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
The	1
dictionary	1
like	1
function	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
keeps	1
a	1
track	1
of	1
all	1
the	1
words	1
you	1
spell.	1
I	1
find	1
the	1
display	1
very	1
readable.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
cool	1
headset	1
for	1
the	1
first	1
couple	1
of	1
months	1
that	1
it	1
worked,	1
but	1
I	1
can't	1
recommend	1
any	1
product	1
that	1
breaks	1
after	1
just	1
a	1
few	1
months.	1
Works	1
with	1
some	1
phones	1
better	1
than	1
others..	1
I	1
received	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
as	1
gifts.	1
Design	1
needs	1
improvement.	1
The	1
software	1
is	1
not	1
compatable	1
with	1
Verizon's	1
software.I	1
will	1
be	1
returning	1
this	1
today.	1
The	1
design	1
stinks.	1
However,	1
when	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
even	1
fit	1
into	1
my	1
phone.	1
It	1
didn't	1
activate	1
properly.	1
Head	1
included.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
my	1
treo	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
i	1
love	1
it.	1
Everytime	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
sold,	1
alarms	1
should	1
sound	1
and	1
the	1
Nextel	1
rep	1
should	1
go	1
to	1
jail	1
for	1
false	1
advetisement.	1
My	1
wife	1
doesn't	1
have	1
this	1
problem,	1
might	1
be	1
an	1
ear	1
shape	1
thing!?	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
slighly	1
larger	1
than	1
normal	1
so	1
it	1
fits	1
in	1
my	1
large	1
hands	1
well.	1
A	1
total	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
Worst	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
I	1
Ever	1
Owned.	1
Everything	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
find	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
sturdy	1
and	1
slick.	1
It	1
came	1
in	1
a	1
very	1
timely	1
way.	1
Makes	1
your	1
bluetooth	1
like	1
new	1
again.	1
The	1
driver	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
the	1
lg	1
8550	1
version	1
of	1
the	1
chocolate,	1
there	1
for	1
it	1
would	1
not	1
sync.	1
The	1
"Body	1
Glove"	1
transparent	1
Prism	1
Case	1
is	1
truly	1
excellent.	1
Even	1
when	1
I	1
reduce	1
brightness	1
from	1
100%	1
to	1
50%	1
(lowest	1
possible)	1
there	1
is	1
hardly	1
any	1
noticeable	1
difference	1
on	1
the	1
screen.	1
Or	1
download	1
them	1
from	1
VZW.All	1
in	1
all,	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
conventional	1
cellphone.	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
third	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
I	1
have	1
had.	1
After	1
sending	1
the	1
package	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
company	1
I	1
never	1
received	1
any	1
refund.	1
Then,	1
when	1
I	1
tried	1
it,	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
product.	1
The	1
high	1
quality	1
thumbnail	1
sized	1
images	1
I've	1
taken	1
have	1
been	1
around	1
1	1
kb.	1
Despite	1
the	1
apparent	1
similarities	1
in	1
the	1
photos,	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
the	1
case	1
I	1
remember	1
and	1
I'll	1
be	1
looking	1
to	1
replace	1
it	1
immediately.The	1
problem	1
I	1
recently	1
purchased	1
a	1
Motorola	1
V60i	1
phone,	1
and	1
needed	1
a	1
case	1
due	1
to	1
my	1
history	1
of	1
being	1
"heavy	1
handed"	1
with	1
cell	1
phones.	1
The	1
Best	1
Phone	1
Ever.	1
The	1
N82	1
and	1
the	1
N95	1
are	1
the	1
only	1
units	1
that	1
best	1
this	1
phone	1
but	1
they	1
go	1
for	1
$100-200	1
more.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Cingular	1
Treo	1
650.	1
Plantronics	1
Voyager	1
510	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
9	1
months.	1
Most	1
importantly	1
though,	1
reception	1
is	1
excellent	1
everywhere	1
I	1
use	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
standby	1
time	1
is	1
absolutely	1
amazing	1
(greater	1
than	1
2	1
weeks.)	1
Motorola	1
Headphones.	1
Great	1
product,	1
dumb	1
customer.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
listed	1
as	1
a	1
1	1
Amp	1
AC/DC	1
Adapter.	1
The	1
Plantronics	1
was	1
far	1
superior	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
on	1
my	1
end	1
and	1
hearing	1
what	1
other	1
people	1
are	1
saying.	1
Everytime	1
I	1
call,	1
they	1
say	1
they	1
cannot	1
find	1
my	1
records	1
and	1
put	1
me	1
on	1
hold	1
for	1
30	1
minutes	1
before	1
finding	1
it.	1
There	1
are	1
many	1
better	1
phones	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
I	1
bough	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
LG	1
phone	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
larger	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
design	1
for	1
it	1
so	1
it	1
messes	1
up	1
the	1
sound	1
when	1
inserted	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
in.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
V300	1
(not	1
v330,	1
but	1
I	1
assume	1
they	1
are	1
in	1
the	1
same	1
line)	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year.	1
Motorola	1
H	1
700	1
bluetooth.	1
Sent	1
the	1
phone	1
back	1
within	1
the	1
first	1
month.	1
However,	1
the	1
company	1
was	1
gracious	1
and	1
made	1
every	1
effort	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
better.	1
You'll	1
never	1
learn.	1
Didnt	1
live	1
up	1
to	1
expectations,	1
but	1
might	1
have	1
been	1
defective.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
one.	1
After	1
getting	1
very	1
angry,	1
I	1
found	1
a	1
solution.	1
The	1
microphone	1
seemed	1
to	1
be	1
fine.The	1
ear	1
pieces	1
are	1
unfortunately	1
attached	1
to	1
the	1
head	1
band	1
via	1
thin	1
plastic.	1
But	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
this	1
and	1
now	1
am	1
kind	1
of	1
liking	1
being	1
hands	1
free!	1
Motorola	1
Hands-Free	1
Headset	1
for	1
RAZR	1
V3This	1
product	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
what	1
it	1
is.	1
Connectivity!	1
The	1
sound	1
is	1
clear	1
and	1
plenty	1
loud	1
enough.	1
While	1
I	1
was	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
previous	1
Krussel	1
case	1
for	1
Blackberry	1
7250,	1
this	1
is	1
just	1
too	1
off.	1
The	1
quality	1
is	1
very	1
durable	1
and	1
the	1
magnet	1
enclosure	1
works	1
great.The	1
belt	1
hook	1
and	1
the	1
loops	1
work	1
great	1
and	1
are	1
very	1
sturdy.	1
Ruby	1
Pearl	1
mmmmm	1
:).	1
),	1
but	1
I	1
never	1
seemed	1
to	1
use	1
those	1
options	1
often	1
enough.	1
I	1
am	1
going	1
back	1
to	1
Motorola.	1
Hooked	1
it	1
up	1
to	1
my	1
Motorola	1
A1200.	1
Just	1
hope	1
that	1
your	1
phone	1
never	1
quits	1
working.	1
It's	1
a	1
nice	1
looking	1
phone	1
that's	1
very	1
customizable.	1
I	1
have	1
one	1
for	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Pearl	1
and	1
I	1
absolutely	1
love	1
it!	1
Creative	1
Zen	1
Rapid	1
Car	1
Charger.	1
Gotta	1
stick	1
to	1
low-tech	1
analog	1
headsets	1
for	1
that.Overall,	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
but	1
not	1
perfect.	1
It	1
arrived	1
quickly,	1
complete	1
with	1
tools.	1
Great	1
Phone,	1
I	1
love	1
it..	1
The	1
only	1
drawback	1
to	1
this	1
phone	1
is,	1
it	1
doesnt	1
have	1
an	1
mp3	1
player.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
hear	1
any	1
tones	1
when	1
it	1
turned	1
on	1
or	1
off.	1
I	1
want	1
this	1
phone!.	1
It	1
delivers	1
better	1
range	1
(aka	1
more	1
than	1
ten	1
feet),	1
great	1
sound	1
quality	1
and	1
works	1
with	1
more	1
devices	1
than	1
anything	1
i've	1
seen	1
in	1
a	1
similar	1
price	1
range.	1
A	1
one	1
time	1
fee	1
of	1
250	1
and	1
then	1
free	1
US	1
calling	1
for	1
the	1
rest	1
of	1
your	1
life	1
over	1
the	1
internet.	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
Zen	1
Vision	1
M	1
60gb.	1
i	1
would	1
still	1
have	1
it	1
if	1
it	1
hadent	1
been	1
stolen	1
One	1
being	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
the	1
phone	1
clips	1
in	1
with	1
the	1
small	1
screen	1
facing	1
outwards.	1
This	1
charger	1
works	1
perfectly	1
with	1
it.	1
Its	1
rather	1
bulky	1
antenna	1
is	1
not	1
doing	1
much	1
good	1
since	1
it	1
does	1
not	1
have	1
strong	1
reception	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
don't	1
know	1
why	1
but	1
it	1
seems	1
as	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
freezes	1
for	1
about	1
10	1
seconds,	1
but	1
then	1
goes	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
main	1
screen	1
and	1
is	1
fine.	1
I	1
know	1
it	1
may	1
be	1
that	1
the	1
display	1
is	1
different	1
from	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
or	1
a	1
hand	1
held	1
game.	1
Can't	1
stand	1
the	1
A460	1
either	1
-	1
features	1
too	1
cumbersome	1
to	1
use.	1
I	1
let	1
my	1
wife	1
use	1
it	1
and	1
I	1
listened	1
to	1
her	1
and	1
sure	1
enough	1
she	1
didn't	1
sound	1
all	1
that	1
great.	1
Not	1
worth	1
bothering	1
with	1
return.	1
Not	1
Happy,	1
I	1
had	1
better	1
luck	1
with	1
the	1
ones	1
I	1
purchased	1
at	1
Best	1
Buy.	1
You	1
cannot	1
"add	1
entry"	1
when	1
trying	1
to	1
store	1
additional	1
phone	1
numbers	1
under	1
a	1
phone	1
book	1
entry	1
name.	1
the	1
only	1
down	1
fall	1
i	1
can	1
find	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
press	1
on	1
the	1
touch	1
screen	1
with	1
alot	1
of	1
pressure	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
work	1
though	1
the	1
plastic	1
case.	1
Excellent	1
Protection.	1
ALSO,	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
same	1
screen	1
in	1
the	1
picture.	1
2	1
days	1
of	1
reasonable	1
use	1
and	1
about	1
4	1
days	1
of	1
standby	1
is	1
about	1
all	1
you	1
can	1
expect.	1
It	1
works	1
best	1
with	1
WAP/WML	1
pages	1
of	1
course.	1
As	1
I	1
knelt	1
down	1
to	1
reach	1
across	1
the	1
car,	1
I	1
felt	1
the	1
phone	1
NEXT	1
to	1
my	1
leg(it	1
wasn't	1
even	1
directly	1
under	1
my	1
leg,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
tweaked	1
enough	1
to	1
break.	1
Just	1
another	1
comment	1
regarding	1
no	1
wall	1
charger	1
unit	1
for	1
the	1
Motorola	1
T305.	1
Easy	1
pairing	1
and	1
gr8	1
sound.	1
Going	1
with	1
a	1
different	1
phone	1
this	1
time.	1
I	1
have	1
purchased	1
at	1
least	1
5	1
bluetooth	1
headsets,	1
and	1
returned	1
all	1
of	1
them.	1
good	1
sound,	1
awkward	1
design.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
was	1
very	1
uncomfortable	1
(painful)	1
-	1
despite	1
attempts	1
to	1
get	1
use	1
to	1
it.	1
don't	1
let	1
them	1
push	1
this	1
phone	1
on	1
you.	1
this	1
was	1
purchased	1
to	1
down	1
load	1
from	1
my	1
cell	1
ph	1
to	1
my	1
computer	1
BUT	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
feels	1
great	1
in	1
the	1
hand.fits	1
perfectly..luv	1
the	1
grippy	1
sides..worth	1
ever	1
penny...highly	1
reccommend..does	1
not	1
add	1
any	1
bulkiness	1
to	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
screens	1
are	1
bright,	1
and	1
razor	1
sharp,	1
no	1
pun	1
intended.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
to	1
heavy	1
for	1
the	1
clip	1
provided.	1
review...	1
My	1
tracfone	1
has	1
worked	1
out	1
good	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
also	1
downloaded	1
lots	1
of	1
games,	1
themes	1
&	1
applications.	1
The	1
features	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
great.	1
!T-mobile	1
is	1
doing	1
an	1
excellent	1
job	1
in	1
keeping	1
signal	1
where	1
I	1
got	1
dead	1
spots	1
with	1
"other"	1
provider.	1
Was	1
told	1
by	1
the	1
folks	1
trying	1
to	1
sell	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
that	1
there	1
was	1
no	1
battery	1
left	1
on	1
the	1
market	1
for	1
my	1
old	1
cell	1
phone.	1
The	1
headset	1
doesn't	1
fit.	1
great	1
phone.	1
It	1
is	1
small	1
enough	1
to	1
fit	1
in	1
my	1
pocket	1
without	1
even	1
noticing	1
it	1
is	1
there!	1
Banned	1
from	1
store	1
shelves.	1
Unhappy	1
with	1
the	1
product.	1
This	1
faceplate	1
has	1
also	1
received	1
more	1
compliments	1
than	1
others	1
because	1
of	1
its	1
striking	1
originality,	1
so	1
wear	1
it	1
when	1
you	1
want	1
to	1
dress	1
to	1
impress.	1
I	1
am	1
still	1
looking	1
for	1
the	1
Great	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
So	1
it's	1
just	1
my	1
luck	1
to	1
have	1
"special"	1
ears!	1
The	1
purchase	1
was	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
one.	1
It	1
also	1
scratches	1
VERY	1
easily.	1
When	1
was	1
the	1
last	1
time	1
you	1
seriously	1
used	1
a	1
camera-picture	1
anyway?	1
The	1
only	1
good	1
thing	1
I	1
can	1
say	1
about	1
the	1
Audiovox	1
phone	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
display	1
was	1
bright	1
and	1
clear,	1
and	1
had	1
extremely	1
vivid	1
color.	1
Also	1
it	1
has	1
Wifi.	1
They	1
claim	1
that	1
the	1
postal	1
service	1
lost	1
it	1
(which	1
is	1
possible)	1
but	1
in	1
any	1
event	1
the	1
whole	1
process	1
was	1
terrible.	1
It's	1
fine	1
for	1
the	1
external	1
buttons	1
to	1
do	1
something	1
(i.e.	1
(So	1
far,	1
about	1
3	1
times	1
in	1
the	1
past	1
week.)	1
If	1
you	1
need	1
an	1
easy	1
hands	1
free	1
solution	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
access	1
your	1
phone	1
while	1
you	1
drive,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product!	1
1	1
penny	1
plus	1
shipping.	1
cover	1
stays	1
in	1
place	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
V260	1
so	1
I	1
got	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
cases	1
and	1
when	1
i	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
even	1
shut	1
thats	1
how	1
small	1
it	1
was.	1
The	1
adhesive	1
on	1
the	1
underside	1
makes	1
it	1
fustrating	1
to	1
remove	1
any	1
dirt	1
that	1
may	1
get	1
stuck	1
on	1
it.	1
Does	1
not	1
fit	1
Samsung	1
A640.	1
I've	1
had	1
my	1
this	1
phone	1
swapped	1
3	1
times.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
HT820	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product.	1
Excellent	1
Phone.	1
I	1
liked	1
the	1
look	1
and	1
feel	1
of	1
this	1
phone	1
compared	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
fatty	1
Nokia	1
6600	1
and	1
the	1
menu's	1
were	1
easy	1
to	1
customize.	1
Works	1
with	1
PocketPc	1
software.	1
People	1
have	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
trouble	1
hearing	1
me	1
unless	1
I	1
hold	1
the	1
mike	1
right	1
by	1
my	1
mouth.	1
It	1
was	1
scary	1
to	1
do	1
that	1
because	1
you	1
actually	1
think	1
that	1
you	1
would	1
damage	1
the	1
ipod.	1
The	1
title	1
says	1
it	1
all.	1
She	1
left	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
her	1
pants	1
pocket	1
and	1
in	1
the	1
washer	1
it	1
went.	1
Comparing	1
it	1
to	1
the	1
t-mobile	1
sidekick	1
there	1
are	1
a	1
few	1
setbacks.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
1	1
month	1
and	1
just	1
found	1
out	1
that	1
issue	1
now	1
because	1
when	1
i	1
put	1
it	1
on	1
my	1
hand	1
the	1
signal	1
just	1
lose	1
haft	1
of	1
it.	1
This	1
unit	1
was	1
ordered	1
from	1
Amazon	1
since	1
it	1
provided	1
the	1
12v	1
and	1
current	1
levels	1
that	1
I	1
needed.	1
This	1
product	1
works	1
with	1
my	1
4	1
GB	1
IPod	1
Nano.	1
Great	1
Headset.	1
I	1
was	1
quite	1
happy	1
with	1
it	1
-	1
the	1
fit	1
around	1
the	1
ear	1
was	1
comfortable	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
was	1
good.	1
Click	1
New	1
with	1
my	1
finger.4.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
your	1
current	1
power	1
source,	1
this	1
does	1
not	1
replace	1
it.	1
Incredible.	1
No	1
complaints.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
keep	1
your	1
phone	1
well	1
within	1
arm's	1
reach	1
to	1
prevent	1
garbled	1
sound	1
from	1
the	1
headphones.	1
I	1
don't	1
see	1
what	1
others	1
have	1
liked	1
about	1
this.	1
I	1
wish	1
it	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
flexible.	1
i've	1
had	1
my	1
phone	1
for	1
over	1
a	1
year	1
now	1
and	1
in	1
that	1
time	1
i've	1
paid	1
to	1
have	1
the	1
screen	1
fixed	1
3	1
times	1
-	1
each	1
time	1
for	1
about	1
$50.	1
My	1
LG	1
VX8300	1
snaps	1
in	1
securely	1
and	1
the	1
belt	1
clip	1
rotates.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
The	1
synch	1
to	1
outlook	1
capibility	1
is	1
excellent	1
and	1
well	1
executed.	1
The	1
service	1
was	1
great,	1
the	1
product	1
even	1
arrived	1
before	1
promised.	1
Pairing	1
was	1
quick	1
and	1
effortless.	1
This	1
product	1
is	1
great.	1
Then	1
write	1
an	1
Amazon	1
review.	1
I	1
had	1
tried	1
others	1
that	1
just	1
sat	1
on	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
ear.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend.	1
Now	1
it's	1
back	1
to	1
lasting	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
without	1
a	1
charge	1
instead	1
of	1
everyday	1
and	1
then	1
every	1
few	1
hours.	1
The	1
USB	1
cable	1
and	1
software	1
did	1
NOT	1
work	1
for	1
the	1
Sony	1
Z525A	1
phone,	1
purchased	1
through	1
Xcingular.	1
Fragile	1
breaks	1
very	1
easily.	1
I'm	1
not	1
so	1
sure.	1
I've	1
read	1
some	1
other	1
reviews	1
about	1
poor	1
fit	1
but	1
mine	1
fits	1
perfectly.	1
I	1
have	1
traveled	1
to	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
different	1
places	1
and	1
have	1
experienced	1
spotty	1
coverage	1
with	1
sprint	1
everywhere	1
I	1
have	1
gone.	1
I	1
did	1
a	1
few	1
tests	1
and	1
it	1
seemed	1
to	1
work	1
well...	1
until	1
I	1
called	1
my	1
wife	1
while	1
she	1
used	1
her	1
headset.	1
Can	1
say	1
it	1
enhanced	1
my	1
cell	1
signal	1
any.	1
Highly	1
recommended.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
model	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
in-ear	1
bud.	1
There	1
was	1
some	1
kind	1
of	1
gunk	1
by	1
the	1
mouthpiece,	1
perhaps	1
makeup,	1
foundation?	1
My	1
second	1
favorite	1
is	1
the	1
green	1
mist.	1
WHEN	1
,	1
or	1
if	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
it	1
to	1
work..	1
I	1
gave	1
up	1
and	1
threw	1
mine	1
away	1
when	1
it	1
would	1
not	1
work	1
correctly	1
on	1
any	1
device.	1
So	1
one	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
near	1
the	1
computer	1
to	1
do	1
this.On	1
the	1
whole	1
a	1
dissapointment	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
price.Niloufer	1
Tamboly,	1
CISSP	1
I	1
received	1
this	1
item	1
and	1
plugged	1
my	1
player	1
into	1
it	1
with	1
roughly	1
half	1
of	1
the	1
battery	1
left.	1
It's	1
a	1
no	1
brainer.	1
big	1
disappointment.	1
The	1
pink	1
color	1
is	1
bright	1
and	1
doesn't	1
match	1
anything	1
but	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
pink	1
and	1
it	1
doesn't	1
disappear	1
if	1
placed	1
around	1
other	1
things!	1
As	1
everyone	1
says,	1
the	1
display	1
screen	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
awesome.	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
searching	1
for	1
an	1
OEM	1
replacement	1
battery	1
for	1
my	1
Sanyo	1
PM8200,	1
but	1
couldn't	1
find	1
one	1
anywhere.	1
Headset	1
is	1
light	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
actually	1
forgotten	1
I	1
have	1
it	1
on.	1
After	1
two	1
weeks	1
of	1
use,	1
the	1
battery	1
will	1
not	1
hold	1
a	1
charge	1
for	1
more	1
than	1
about	1
3	1
hours	1
without	1
using	1
it.	1
THANKS	1
for	1
the	1
reviews	1
-	1
you	1
have	1
saved	1
me	1
time,	1
money	1
&	1
frustration	1
for	1
letting	1
me	1
know	1
-	1
it	1
won't	1
work.	1
but	1
not	1
if	1
it	1
would	1
compromise	1
the	1
technology.Have	1
LG	1
VX9800	1
the	1
V.	1
Voice	1
dialing	1
works	1
only	1
if	1
u	1
press	1
the	1
button	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
first.	1
it's	1
my	1
upgrade	1
from	1
the	1
last	1
generation	1
(which	1
lasted	1
me	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
years).	1
Excellent	1
Product.	1
I	1
went	1
and	1
read	1
the	1
feedback	1
for	1
them	1
and	1
I	1
am	1
definitely	1
not	1
the	1
only	1
one	1
that	1
hasn't	1
received	1
their	1
product.	1
Your	1
wasting	1
your	1
money	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
this.	1
No	1
Problems	1
So	1
far.	1
Thanks	1
for	1
the	1
great	1
value!	1
It	1
is	1
especially	1
good	1
for	1
travelling	1
in	1
airports	1
and	1
cars	1
and	1
the	1
cut-in	1
with	1
calls	1
when	1
listening	1
to	1
the	1
MP3	1
player	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
feature.	1
Topeka,	1
KS,	1
Cingular	1
service.	1
Pay	1
$20	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
one	1
instead.	1
Overall	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
worthy	1
addition	1
although	1
even	1
when	1
folded	1
larger	1
than	1
my	1
N800	1
by	1
an	1
inch	1
or	1
two.	1
Found	1
it	1
very	1
good.	1
The	1
car	1
charger	1
works	1
OK	1
but	1
the	1
advertising	1
said	1
it	1
was	1
also	1
for	1
the	1
VX	1
8700.	1
T-Mobile	1
Sucks.	1
Had	1
no	1
additional	1
benefit	1
in	1
stronger	1
areas,	1
useless	1
in	1
rural	1
dead	1
zones-	1
will	1
probably	1
have	1
to	1
consider	1
a	1
proper	1
signal	1
amplifier	1
system.	1
You	1
can	1
snap	1
in	1
different	1
clips	1
or	1
belt	1
loops.	1
When	1
it's	1
dry,	1
the	1
surface	1
cures	1
for	1
a	1
day	1
and	1
almost	1
seems	1
to	1
become	1
a	1
part	1
of	1
your	1
player,	1
making	1
it	1
impervious	1
to	1
scratches	1
and	1
dust.	1
This	1
was	1
not	1
the	1
item	1
I	1
ordered.	1
(Too	1
bad	1
we	1
can't	1
give	1
a	1
"0	1
star"	1
rating.)	1
Overall	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
product.	1
Decided	1
to	1
buy	1
my	1
mom	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
which	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
want	1
to	1
do.	1
Shipping	1
was	1
very	1
quick,	1
I	1
received	1
it	1
days	1
before	1
I	1
was	1
expecting	1
to,	1
however,	1
I	1
am	1
disappointed	1
with	1
the	1
headset.	1
By	1
then,	1
the	1
Motorola	1
headset	1
would	1
no	1
longer	1
come	1
on.	1
I	1
wasn't	1
expecting	1
much,	1
but	1
this	1
product	1
addressed	1
the	1
issues	1
I	1
was	1
concerned	1
with.	1
Here	1
are	1
the	1
Pros	1
and	1
Cons	1
I	1
found	1
so	1
far...Pros	1
:)1.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
cable	1
so	1
I	1
can	1
listen	1
to	1
my	1
MP3	1
player	1
in	1
my	1
van.	1
The	1
other	1
one	1
produces	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
static-like	1
noise	1
for	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
line.	1
After	1
you	1
push	1
the	1
mute	1
button,	1
nothing	1
happens	1
immediately.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
my	1
first	1
cell	1
phone,	1
but	1
is	1
my	1
first	1
Nextel.	1
My	1
friends	1
Asked	1
me	1
to	1
return	1
this.	1
If	1
a	1
cop	1
pulls	1
me	1
over,	1
he	1
is	1
not	1
going	1
to	1
believe	1
it	1
was	1
on	1
speaker	1
because	1
i	1
was	1
glued	1
to	1
my	1
head	1
anyways,	1
so	1
whats	1
the	1
point	1
!	1
Fantastic	1
product	1
-	1
with	1
the	1
right	1
accessory.	1
Lowest	1
price	1
I	1
could	1
find	1
for	1
this	1
connector	1
that	1
is	1
well	1
made	1
and	1
reliable.	1
Let	1
me	1
list	1
the	1
reasons	1
why	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
tech	1
investment	1
ever:1.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
8	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
have	1
pretty	1
good	1
luck	1
with	1
it.	1
whatever	1
you	1
do,	1
do	1
not	1
get	1
this	1
phone.	1
Which	1
leads	1
into	1
texting	1
and	1
data	1
entry.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
H700	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
I	1
have	1
owned	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
great	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
RAZR	1
V3c.	1
This	1
Bluetooth	1
device	1
is	1
not	1
very	1
good.	1
However,	1
Nokia's	1
representative	1
was	1
extremely	1
knowledgable	1
and	1
helpful	1
and	1
that	1
did	1
reduce	1
my	1
frustration.	1
Does	1
it	1
work?	1
This	1
seemed	1
a	1
little	1
odd	1
but	1
I	1
went	1
ahead	1
and	1
did	1
it.	1
This	1
software	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
nerds,	1
perhaps,	1
but	1
not	1
for	1
the	1
faint	1
of	1
heart.	1
TAKE	1
HEED	1
TO	1
THIS	1
REVIEW.	1
The	1
cable	1
works	1
fine	1
with	1
my	1
razor	1
but	1
the	1
software	1
and	1
getting	1
the	1
computer	1
to	1
detect	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
a	1
hassle	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
get	1
help	1
on	1
the	1
net.	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
ripped	1
off	1
by	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
during	1
my	1
daily	1
job.	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
Razr	1
and	1
it	1
connects	1
fine,	1
albeit	1
not	1
as	1
easy	1
as	1
a	1
Motorola	1
BT	1
would	1
but	1
i	1
like	1
the	1
look	1
of	1
this	1
one	1
more	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
on	1
the	1
market.	1
Excited	1
to	1
finally	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
RAZR	1
again	1
with	1
a	1
new	1
battery.	1
Poorly	1
constructed.	1
it	1
worked	1
well.	1
Never	1
think	1
about	1
getting	1
the	1
c332	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
built-in	1
antenna	1
but	1
there	1
isnt	1
really	1
one.	1
For	1
some	1
reason	1
after	1
I	1
ordered	1
it	1
the	1
delivery	1
date	1
got	1
pushed	1
waayy	1
back	1
from	1
the	1
original	1
and	1
the	1
item	1
went	1
out	1
of	1
stock.	1
The	1
result?	1
After	1
Nokia	1
I	1
got	1
spoiled	1
with	1
the	1
easy	1
calendar	1
sync.	1
No	1
complaints	1
at	1
all.	1
Frustrated.	1
no	1
hasle	1
headset	1
with	1
great	1
sound	1
quality.	1
But	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
small	1
and	1
infrequent	1
problem.	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
giving	1
it	1
5	1
stars	1
for	1
two	1
reasons	1
only	1
Best	1
Phone	1
EVER.	1
I	1
charged	1
the	1
item	1
for	1
two	1
nights,	1
then	1
started	1
to	1
use	1
it.	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
doesn't	1
make	1
you	1
pay	1
BS	1
access	1
fees	1
like	1
the	1
other	1
guys.And	1
5	1
cent	1
text	1
messaging	1
is	1
more	1
than	1
fair.	1
Bad	1
items,	1
or	1
bad	1
product?.	1
Ive	1
had	1
four	1
bluetooth	1
earpieces	1
and	1
This	1
one	1
fits	1
very	1
comfortable	1
and	1
is	1
the	1
the	1
loudest	1
one	1
Ive	1
used	1
yet.	1
Four	1
Stars	1
--	1
If	1
You	1
Get	1
a	1
Good	1
One.	1
Be	1
forewarned	1
-	1
even	1
though	1
Kensington	1
promotes	1
this	1
tip	1
as	1
compatible	1
with	1
LG	1
cell	1
phones,	1
it's	1
not	1
compatible	1
with	1
all	1
models.	1
I	1
paid	1
so	1
much	1
for	1
this	1
skin	1
because	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
whole	1
phone	1
would	1
be	1
pink	1
just	1
like	1
the	1
picture.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
for	1
my	1
80	1
GB	1
Zune	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
useless.	1
For	1
the	1
people	1
that	1
are	1
bashing	1
this	1
phone,	1
it	1
isn't	1
an	1
Iphone	1
and	1
isn't	1
intended	1
to	1
be.	1
I	1
think	1
that	1
it	1
may	1
have	1
been	1
where	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
buttons	1
was	1
pressed	1
by	1
the	1
case	1
because	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
an	1
OEM	1
product	1
and	1
didn't	1
fit	1
perfectly.	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
whatever	1
is	1
said	1
no	1
mater	1
where	1
I	1
am.	1
i	1
got	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
ipod;	1
apple	1
makes	1
one,	1
about	1
$29,	1
as	1
you	1
can	1
see	1
this	1
one	1
is	1
a	1
fraction	1
of	1
that	1
price,	1
so	1
im	1
happy	1
i	1
did	1
a	1
little	1
research.	1
Sent	1
it	1
in	1
for	1
warranty	1
repair.	1
When	1
i	1
came	1
back	1
to	1
san	1
francisco,	1
i	1
put	1
my	1
sim	1
card	1
in	1
(cingular)	1
and	1
it	1
SEEMED	1
to	1
work	1
fine.	1
Motorola	1
KRZR	1
K1m	1
Swivel	1
Rotating	1
Belt	1
Clip	1
Holster.	1
It's	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
and	1
program.	1
but	1
the	1
phone	1
itself	1
is	1
the	1
best	1
Nextel	1
there	1
is.	1
great	1
phone.	1
*	1
Very	1
bulky	1
and	1
heavy,	1
not	1
comfortable	1
to	1
use	1
for	1
a	1
long	1
period	1
of	1
time*	1
Very	1
poor	1
reception.	1
I'm	1
using	1
a	1
holster	1
type	1
case	1
now	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
laptop	1
bag.	1
I	1
compared	1
and	1
contrasted.	1
My	1
Husband	1
Loves	1
This.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
normal	1
keyboard,	1
so	1
you	1
must	1
flip	1
the	1
screen	1
up	1
to	1
press	1
the	1
keys,	1
then	1
flip	1
the	1
screen	1
back	1
down	1
to	1
listen	1
and	1
talk.	1
However	1
it	1
switches	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
whenever	1
it	1
wants,	1
it	1
looses	1
contact	1
with	1
the	1
phone.	1
Works	1
as	1
expected/advertised.	1
I'm	1
not	1
happy.	1
I	1
took	1
it	1
on	1
vacation	1
and	1
when	1
I	1
came	1
back	1
I	1
told	1
'Hassel	1
Free'	1
about	1
the	1
problem.	1
The	1
noise	1
level	1
is	1
minimal	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
much	1
better	1
than	1
with	1
previous	1
headsets	1
I've	1
owned.Rosemary/Port	1
Charlotte,	1
FL	1
I	1
sent	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
them.	1
Not	1
universal.	1
Customer	1
service	1
debugged	1
and	1
fixed	1
that	1
pretty	1
fast.	1
The	1
reception	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
without	1
equeal.	1
Unfortunately,	1
that	1
just	1
draws	1
attention	1
to	1
the	1
hideousness	1
of	1
it	1
all.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
constant	1
problem	1
that	1
is	1
my	1
ear	1
type	1
not	1
the	1
products	1
quality.	1
It	1
appears	1
to	1
remain	1
"on"	1
at	1
all	1
times	1
as	1
the	1
green	1
light	1
stays	1
lit	1
under	1
all	1
conditions	1
of	1
cell	1
phone	1
and	1
ignition	1
status.	1
The	1
instructions	1
included	1
with	1
the	1
CD	1
are	1
overly	1
simple	1
and	1
somewhat	1
incomplete.	1
Refused	1
to	1
refund	1
or	1
replace	1
even	1
though	1
the	1
product	1
is	1
CLEARLY	1
defective.	1
Please	1
buy	1
the	1
original	1
charger	1
if	1
possible.	1
We	1
returned	1
them.	1
It	1
took	1
me	1
awhile	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
earpiece	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
and	1
I	1
found	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
not	1
only	1
uncomfortable	1
but	1
painful	1
as	1
well	1
(and	1
that	1
was	1
without	1
earrings).	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
Hanspring	1
Platinium,	1
and	1
I	1
get	1
the	1
worse	1
Customer	1
service	1
or	1
technical	1
support	1
following	1
a	1
problem,	1
my	1
recommendation	1
is	1
AVOID	1
TO	1
BUY	1
IT	1
Battery	1
life	1
excellent	1
-	1
over	1
a	1
week	1
on	1
standby	1
with	1
at	1
least	1
3	1
hours	1
of	1
calls.5.	1
Below	1
Entry	1
Level.	1
Sure,	1
but	1
I	1
didn't	1
buy	1
it	1
for	1
the	1
camera,	1
just	1
wanted	1
a	1
good	1
phone.4.	1
2)	1
The	1
main	1
button,	1
which	1
turns	1
the	1
phone	1
on	1
and	1
off	1
and	1
allows	1
you	1
to	1
make	1
calls,	1
seems	1
to	1
get	1
pushed	1
when	1
inside	1
my	1
purse.	1
Poor	1
overall	1
design..	1
People	1
complained	1
about	1
the	1
earbud	1
being	1
too	1
big,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
meant	1
to	1
go	1
straight	1
into	1
the	1
ear,	1
but	1
rather	1
to	1
be	1
sideways.	1
Broke	1
after	1
only	1
a	1
few	1
weeks..	1
The	1
3.5mm	1
cable	1
broke	1
after	1
about	1
3	1
weeks	1
of	1
use.	1
Best	1
phone	1
I've	1
owned.	1
I	1
get	1
horrible	1
reception	1
pretty	1
much	1
everywhere	1
go	1
when	1
others	1
with	1
the	1
same	1
carrier	1
but	1
different	1
phones	1
do	1
just	1
fine.	1
Contacts	1
are	1
worn,	1
dints	1
in	1
the	1
plastic	1
and	1
scratches.AccessoryOneCondition	1
Seller	1
Information	1
Ready	1
to	1
buy?$6.96+	1
$2.98shippingNew	1
this	1
headset	1
is	1
a	1
very	1
nice	1
headset.	1
Going	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
different	1
headset	1
to	1
use...	1
and	1
the	1
folding	1
prongs	1
make	1
it	1
more	1
so.	1
Poorly	1
crafter	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset	1
Carrying	1
Case.	1
I	1
travel	1
beyond	1
30	1
ft	1
in	1
different	1
parts	1
of	1
my	1
apartment	1
and	1
still	1
get	1
clear	1
calls.	1
I'm	1
30+	1
yrs	1
old	1
I	1
want	1
style	1
and	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
style!	1
ONLY	1
BUY	1
BOXWAVE!.	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
by	1
callers	1
that	1
they	1
were	1
able	1
to	1
hear	1
me	1
allright.	1
Also,	1
still	1
Moto's	1
don't	1
come	1
with	1
any	1
good	1
ringtones.	1
Its	1
a	1
[...]	1
and	1
it	1
doesnt	1
work.	1
No	1
thanks,	1
I'll	1
try	1
Cingular.	1
And	1
the	1
volume	1
is	1
VERY	1
LOW	1
on	1
this	1
thing,	1
regardless	1
of	1
my	1
futile	1
attempts	1
to	1
raise	1
the	1
volume	1
on	1
it.	1
-ve	1
5	1
star	1
for	1
that.	1
When	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
on,	1
I	1
was	1
very	1
disapointed.	1
Fits	1
comfortably.	1
It's	1
never	1
stable	1
enough	1
to	1
actually	1
use.Would	1
not	1
buy	1
unless	1
you've	1
bought	1
before	1
and	1
had	1
success.	1
Its	1
supposed	1
to	1
come	1
from	1
the	1
right	1
ear	1
from	1
the	1
factory,	1
if	1
it	1
came	1
for	1
the	1
left	1
ear	1
,you	1
got	1
a	1
used	1
one.	1
Here	1
are	1
my	1
own	1
observations	1
of	1
this	1
phone:PROS:1.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
along	1
with	1
my	1
LG	1
PM-325	1
Sprint	1
phone.	1
Like	1
the	1
fact	1
strap	1
is	1
detatchable.	1
For	1
example,	1
the	1
instruction	1
voice	1
for	1
voice	1
command	1
calling	1
is	1
so	1
loud	1
it	1
will	1
make	1
your	1
ears	1
ring...and	1
you	1
cannot	1
turn	1
it	1
down.8.	1
I	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
one,	1
it's	1
just	1
now	1
now	1
starting	1
to	1
break.	1
I	1
think	1
it	1
has	1
to	1
do	1
with	1
interference	1
between	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
earpiece	1
but	1
haven't	1
concluded	1
exactly	1
how	1
to	1
eliminate	1
those	1
events.	1
Setup	1
was	1
pretty	1
straight	1
forward	1
and	1
it	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
great	1
for	1
what	1
I	1
wanted.	1
Luck	1
of	1
the	1
draw	1
on	1
the	1
batteries	1
I	1
guess.	1
Neither	1
did	1
any	1
of	1
my	1
Macs	1
=	1
G3	1
(OS	1
9.2)	1
or	1
G4	1
or	1
DuoCores	1
(OS	1
10.4).	1
Got	1
a	1
Class	1
I	1
Bluetooth	1
2.0+	1
EDR	1
(100m)	1
USB	1
Bluetooth	1
transmitter	1
on	1
my	1
computer	1
and	1
not	1
a	1
single	1
dropout	1
and	1
good	1
96-112KBps	1
Mp3	1
quality	1
playback.	1
Once	1
again,	1
no	1
dice,	1
*and*	1
I	1
got	1
to	1
observe	1
first-hand	1
how	1
shabbily	1
AT&T;	1
was	1
treating	1
their	1
own	1
employees	1
in	1
the	1
local	1
storefront.	1
Horrible	1
phone	1
-	1
waste	1
of	1
money	1
&	1
time.	1
But	1
it	1
cost	1
almost	1
nothing	1
to	1
buy	1
and	1
work	1
perfectly	1
if	1
using	1
it	1
for	1
files	1
transfer.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
anyone	1
buy	1
this	1
product.	1
The	1
keys	1
are	1
much	1
easier	1
to	1
press	1
where	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
your	1
fingers	1
and	1
not	1
forced	1
to	1
used	1
the	1
pointer	1
unless	1
you	1
got	1
ET	1
fingers.	1
This	1
battery	1
didn't	1
last	1
any	1
longer	1
than	1
the	1
old	1
battery	1
that	1
it	1
replaced.	1
Bought	1
this	1
cheap	1
replacement	1
for	1
my	1
v-tech	1
20-2481	1
cordless	1
phone.	1
Works	1
great,	1
sound	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
even	1
without	1
the	1
clip	1
people	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
just	1
fine.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
no	1
problems	1
with	1
it	1
at	1
all.	1
VERY	1
PLEASED	1
WITH	1
THE	1
PROMPT	1
DELIVERY	1
AND	1
WITH	1
THE	1
PRODUCT!!!!	1
HOWEVER,	1
I	1
really	1
wish	1
to	1
warn	1
people	1
against	1
this	1
phone.	1
That	1
was	1
a	1
mistake.	1
Great	1
Product!.	1
I'm	1
sure	1
this	1
will	1
last	1
for	1
years.	1
With	1
win6,	1
if	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
windows	1
on	1
a	1
PC,	1
then	1
you	1
can	1
use	1
about	1
80%	1
of	1
this	1
phone's	1
features-	1
gotta	1
appreciate	1
simplicity.	1
The	1
batter	1
life	1
is	1
amazing,	1
charging	1
is	1
quick!	1
It	1
was	1
the	1
one	1
thing	1
that	1
we	1
couldn't	1
find	1
on	1
the	1
software.	1
Good	1
communication.	1
Headset	1
Review.	1
Also,	1
to	1
transfer	1
music	1
from	1
your	1
PC	1
to	1
this	1
phone	1
by	1
USB	1
is	1
agonizing,	1
as	1
the	1
phone	1
takes	1
more	1
than	1
half	1
an	1
hour	1
to	1
transfer	1
a	1
single	1
CD	1
(10	1
songs).	1
Bright	1
bright	1
it	1
is!!!!!!!!!.	1
Now	1
you	1
buy	1
a	1
Razr.	1
Bought	1
two	1
and	1
neither	1
one	1
works	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
blackberry.	1
It	1
looked	1
like	1
it	1
had	1
been	1
used	1
for	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
years	1
then	1
sent	1
to	1
me.	1
The	1
first	1
got	1
disconnected	1
and	1
never	1
called	1
baack.	1
Not	1
Worth	1
Your	1
Time.	1
I	1
uninstall	1
and	1
reinstall	1
on	1
Windows	1
XP.	1
Why	1
Bother.	1
slightly	1
big	1
for	1
a	1
phone.	1
Eventually,	1
the	1
pairing	1
was	1
cut	1
off	1
and	1
all	1
that	1
was	1
heard	1
was	1
loud	1
static.	1
Also	1
paying	1
$6	1
s&h	1
for	1
something	1
that	1
only	1
costs	1
$6.50	1
made	1
me	1
feel	1
kindof.....	1
stupid.	1
All	1
my	1
friends	1
have	1
got	1
one	1
now	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
just	1
very	1
quick.	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
excellent	1
phone*Great	1
big	1
ultra	1
definition	1
screen*Great	1
camera*great	1
signal*No	1
drop	1
calls*Full	1
internetbrowser	1
with	1
opera	1
miniA++++	1
A	1
good	1
buy	1
for	1
sure.	1
disappointed.	1
Cell	1
Phone	1
Battery.	1
Motorola	1
H500	1
Bluetooth.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
bother	1
to	1
write	1
this	1
review	1
if	1
I'd	1
paid	1
less	1
than	1
$10	1
but	1
for	1
the	1
price	1
I	1
paid	1
I	1
felt	1
compelled	1
to	1
say	1
something.	1
Great	1
Headset!!!.	1
It	1
is	1
convenient	1
to	1
handle,	1
and	1
the	1
buttons	1
are	1
not	1
too	1
small.	1
I	1
like	1
that	1
I	1
can	1
make	1
recordings	1
and	1
save	1
them	1
as	1
ring	1
tones	1
using	1
the	1
voice	1
recorder.	1
All	1
Looks	1
No	1
Substance.	1
I	1
used	1
to	1
have	1
1-2	1
bars	1
at	1
home	1
even	1
with	1
a	1
8	1
year	1
old	1
phone	1
now	1
I	1
get	1
none.Automatic	1
keypad	1
lock	1
-	1
None	1
existant!	1
Motorola	1
Razr	1
V3,	1
the	1
thinnest	1
flip	1
phone	1
ever.	1
Nope,	1
it's	1
not.	1
Oh	1
yea,	1
the	1
ad	1
claimed	1
32	1
hours	1
of	1
use	1
between	1
charges,	1
but	1
once	1
I	1
got	1
them	1
the	1
specs	1
said	1
7-8	1
hours.	1
I	1
sure	1
hope	1
it	1
works	1
better	1
than	1
it	1
looks!	1
I	1
had	1
been	1
very	1
happy	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
phone	1
until	1
the	1
battery	1
started	1
losing	1
its	1
charge	1
within	1
a	1
day,	1
even	1
when	1
the	1
phone	1
was	1
turned	1
off.	1
Perfect	1
product	1
for	1
my	1
application.	1
Another	1
Plantronics	1
Hit.	1
Tinny	1
Sound.	1
I	1
personally	1
don't	1
believe	1
that	1
constitutes	1
buyers	1
remorse.	1
too	1
many	1
problems.	1
As	1
i	1
saw	1
it,	1
tought	1
of	1
returing	1
at	1
that	1
moment.	1
Great	1
casing.	1
not	1
theirs.	1
good	1
product.	1
I	1
got	1
my	1
replacement	1
within	1
10	1
days	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
fine	1
!	1
The	1
text	1
messages	1
however,	1
I	1
lose	1
forever.I	1
can't	1
wait	1
until	1
my	1
contract	1
is	1
up.	1
The	1
phone	1
looks	1
nice	1
but	1
it's	1
a	1
piece	1
of	1
junk.	1
Delivered	1
as	1
promised,	1
on	1
time.	1
Poorly	1
made	1
product..	1
This	1
case	1
is	1
poorly	1
made	1
and	1
tore	1
the	1
minute	1
I	1
put	1
my	1
Blackberry	1
Pearl	1
in	1
it.	1
I	1
have	1
unplug	1
this	1
unit	1
from	1
the	1
wall	1
and	1
then	1
plug	1
it	1
back	1
in	1
to	1
get	1
it	1
working	1
again.	1
Get	1
it	1
for	1
free	1
while	1
you	1
can!.	1
I	1
have	1
no	1
idea	1
why	1
it	1
attracts	1
so	1
much	1
dust.	1
I	1
always	1
forget	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
at	1
home	1
and	1
this	1
really	1
comes	1
in	1
handy.	1
Somehow	1
the	1
phone	1
also	1
would	1
get	1
stuck	1
on	1
my	1
call	1
history	1
page	1
and	1
wouldn't	1
go	1
back	1
to	1
the	1
contacts.	1
I	1
contacted	1
the	1
seller	1
and	1
they	1
said	1
that	1
because	1
the	1
charger	1
is	1
not	1
OEM,	1
the	1
phone	1
displays	1
the	1
message,	1
but	1
it	1
will	1
still	1
charge.	1
TEXT	1
MESSAGE	1
WHERE	1
ARE	1
U.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
good	1
palm/outlook	1
compatibility,	1
but	1
its	1
e-mail	1
and	1
text	1
messaging	1
system	1
SUCKS.	1
worst	1
Bass.	1
It	1
sits	1
comfortably	1
in	1
my	1
ear,	1
but	1
will	1
not	1
stay	1
there	1
if	1
I'm	1
moving	1
about	1
or	1
move	1
my	1
head	1
suddenly.	1
During	1
one	1
morning	1
commute,	1
I	1
made	1
23	1
calls	1
to	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
filled	1
her	1
voicemail	1
up	1
with	1
sounds	1
from	1
my	1
radio.	1
I	1
also	1
got	1
a	1
bluetooth	1
ready	1
phone.	1
As	1
cheaply	1
made	1
as	1
a	1
Chinese	1
toy,	1
I	1
blew	1
through	1
three	1
of	1
these	1
in	1
a	1
period	1
of	1
6	1
months.	1
Outside	1
I	1
have	1
2	1
to	1
3	1
bars	1
on	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
the	1
Sanyo	1
8100	1
phone	1
from	1
Sprint	1
for	1
about	1
14	1
months.	1
If	1
irritated	1
callers	1
are	1
not	1
a	1
problem	1
for	1
you,	1
then	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product.	1
My	1
friend	1
used	1
her's	1
with	1
a	1
Jaba	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
and	1
the	1
circuit	1
board	1
got	1
fried.	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
feel	1
that	1
the	1
hefty	1
price	1
tag	1
was	1
worth	1
how	1
well	1
it	1
did	1
or	1
did	1
not	1
do	1
in	1
my	1
case.	1
I	1
wouldn't	1
reccomend	1
this	1
item	1
at	1
all.	1
Wishful	1
Thinking	1
(DON'T	1
DO	1
IT!!).	1
I	1
did	1
not	1
like	1
this	1
product	1
for	1
the	1
following	1
reasons:1)	1
The	1
'hanging	1
over	1
the	1
ear'	1
just	1
didn't	1
go	1
well	1
with	1
me.	1
These	1
screen	1
protectors	1
come	1
in	1
a	1
10	1
pack	1
which	1
you'll	1
need	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
want	1
air	1
bubbles.	1
I	1
have	1
loaded	1
it	1
with	1
about	1
60	1
MP3s	1
(about	1
200	1
MBs).	1
Great	1
Gift!.	1
He's	1
got	1
a	1
sportier	1
(read	1
Only	1
downfall	1
is	1
that	1
it	1
picks	1
up	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
wind	1
noise,	1
etc.	1
This	1
did	1
not	1
work.	1
Works	1
great	1
and	1
is	1
built	1
really	1
well.	1
Best	1
of	1
all	1
I	1
really	1
enjoy	1
the	1
feel	1
and	1
function	1
of	1
the	1
buttons.	1
In	1
the	1
same	1
room	1
where	1
my	1
above	1
mentioned	1
friend	1
has	1
a	1
great	1
singal	1
strength,	1
my	1
phone	1
is	1
totally	1
out	1
of	1
signals.	1
Not	1
sure	1
it's	1
worth	1
your	1
money.	1
Tries	1
but	1
falls	1
short.	1
Not	1
recommended	1
in	1
a	1
noisey	1
environment.	1
I	1
ended	1
using	1
my	1
old	1
one	1
again	1
because	1
it	1
lasts	1
longer.	1
NOKIA	1
BL-5C	1
EXTENDED	1
LI-ION	1
BATTERY.	1
Product	1
just	1
didn't	1
work!.	1
Also,	1
the	1
Motorola	1
do	1
not	1
link	1
well	1
to	1
samsung	1
phones.	1
Bulky	1
and	1
heavyThe	1
phone	1
is	1
too	1
big	1
and	1
heavy.	1
Also,	1
I	1
found	1
the	1
mouth	1
piece	1
too	1
far	1
from	1
my	1
mouth	1
-	1
this	1
isn't	1
a	1
problem	1
if	1
you	1
talk	1
very	1
very	1
loudly.	1
It	1
won't	1
work	1
on	1
lg	1
cu500.	1
Sound	1
Sucks.	1
fab	1
price	1
on	1
outstanding	1
quality	1
ear	1
buds...their	1
SONY	1
afterall...and	1
they	1
work	1
with	1
all	1
min.pin	1
style	1
plugs	1
too...	1
This	1
headset	1
works	1
very	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
Motorla	1
E815	1
phone.	1
No	1
Blackberry	1
Enterprise	1
4.0	1
Support.	1
Our	1
lesson	1
learned,	1
prepaid	1
services	1
may	1
provide	1
a	1
phone	1
but	1
stick	1
you	1
with	1
no	1
service.	1
When	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
new	1
cell	1
phone	1
I	1
gave	1
my	1
husband	1
my	1
old	1
earboom	1
and	1
he	1
was	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
with	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
difference	1
sized	1
ear	1
pieces.	1
I	1
figured	1
out	1
the	1
plug	1
situation,	1
but	1
never	1
mastered	1
current.	1
Watchout	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
Phone	1
Tools	1
and	1
think	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
with	1
XP	1
media	1
edition	1
You	1
may	1
have	1
bought	1
a	1
red	1
herring!	1
My	1
goal	1
was	1
to	1
keep	1
me	1
from	1
holding	1
a	1
handset	1
on	1
my	1
shoulder	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
perfect.	1
Love	1
my	1
new	1
phone.	1
Just	1
checked	1
as	1
it's	1
recharging	1
and	1
you	1
guessed	1
it	1
-	1
it	1
says	1
it	1
now.'	1
It	1
looks	1
like	1
a	1
webcam	1
picture,	1
not	1
bad	1
at	1
all.The	1
ringtone	1
choices	1
are	1
limited,	1
but	1
I	1
managed	1
to	1
find	1
one	1
I	1
liked.	1
I	1
have	1
never	1
gotten	1
anything	1
so	1
fast.	1
Gimmee	1
a	1
break!	1
For	1
half	1
the	1
price,	1
it	1
was	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
I	1
thought	1
I	1
had	1
made	1
a	1
great	1
purchase.Unfortunately,	1
the	1
ergonomic	1
design	1
of	1
this	1
headset	1
does	1
not	1
match	1
the	1
electronic	1
design.	1
(I	1
returned	1
V551	1
for	1
wanting	1
the	1
calling	1
card	1
functionality	1
hoping	1
6230	1
has	1
it.	1
They	1
informed	1
me	1
that	1
I	1
never	1
ordered	1
a	1
second	1
cable.	1
This	1
phone	1
has	1
many	1
functions,	1
but	1
enough	1
are	1
poorly	1
executed	1
that	1
if	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
choose	1
again,	1
I	1
would	1
get	1
a	1
different	1
smartphone.	1
They	1
appologized	1
for	1
the	1
phone	1
and	1
gave	1
me	1
a	1
new	1
one,	1
for	1
free.	1
No	1
complaints,	1
works	1
well,	1
hearing	1
is	1
fine,	1
compacts	1
and	1
is	1
easy	1
to	1
store	1
and	1
travel	1
with.	1
Great	1
experience.	1
Too	1
much	1
money	1
for	1
too	1
little	1
phone.	1
I	1
can	1
buy	1
4	1
of	1
these	1
batteries	1
here	1
at	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
get	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
bubbles	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
screen	1
no	1
matter	1
how	1
I	1
tried	1
and	1
I	1
put	1
several	1
of	1
them	1
on	1
and	1
it	1
did	1
not	1
matter.	1
(But	1
if	1
you	1
switch	1
between	1
the	1
two	1
often,	1
the	1
case	1
will	1
expand	1
and	1
will	1
feel	1
loose	1
with	1
the	1
slim	1
battery	1
attached.)	1
Will	1
not	1
hold	1
charge	1
12	1
hrs.	1
NOT	1
Plantronics.	1
Where	1
are	1
the	1
lawyers	1
when	1
you	1
need	1
them.	1
Let's	1
be	1
safe	1
on	1
the	1
road!	1
The	1
service	1
is	1
excellent.	1
The	1
headphones?	1
Get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
We	1
tested	1
it	1
on	1
how	1
far	1
the	1
phone	1
could	1
be	1
from	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
still	1
be	1
useable.	1
I	1
pretty	1
much	1
agree	1
with	1
all	1
the	1
reviews.	1
The	1
phone	1
itself	1
is	1
very	1
slim,	1
and	1
I	1
was	1
surprised	1
that	1
it	1
came	1
with	1
a	1
holster	1
and	1
a	1
nice	1
earpiece,	1
not	1
those	1
cheap	1
ass	1
ones.	1
Works	1
great	1
in	1
Washington	1
DC.	1
Also	1
buyer	1
beware,	1
There	1
is	1
a	1
belt	1
clip	1
with	1
this.	1
It	1
is	1
very	1
very	1
fragile.	1
All	1
depends	1
on	1
your	1
luck.	1
Best	1
case	1
out	1
there.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
horrible	1
product,	1
and	1
horrible	1
customer	1
service	1
from	1
seller...	1
avoid	1
like	1
the	1
plague!	1
You	1
could	1
not	1
talk	1
at	1
normal	1
level	1
and	1
always	1
be	1
heard.	1
Much	1
better	1
phones	1
out	1
there.	1
What	1
an	1
awful	1
feeling.	1
This	1
was	1
my	1
second	1
one	1
and	1
both	1
have	1
ripped	1
the	1
same	1
way.	1
Nothing	1
I	1
did	1
would	1
make	1
them	1
stay	1
in	1
there,	1
even	1
jamming	1
them	1
into	1
my	1
ear	1
canal.	1
On	1
my	1
T610	1
it	1
took	1
only	1
5	1
minutes	1
to	1
enter.8.	1
I	1
just	1
got	1
a	1
new	1
Razr	1
and	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
less	1
synching	1
issues	1
if	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
Motorola	1
bluetooth;	1
I	1
was	1
right.	1
well	1
made,	1
fits	1
phone	1
very	1
well.	1
This	1
adaptor	1
is	1
great	1
and	1
eforcity	1
service	1
is	1
even	1
greater.	1
i	1
guess	1
you	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for	1
(f)	1
No	1
memory	1
expansion	1
available.	1
With	1
8525	1
OS	1
you	1
must	1
select	1
Menu,	1
then	1
Edit,	1
then	1
Copy.	1
Value	1
for	1
the	1
dollar	1
excellent.	1
You	1
can't	1
play	1
the	1
radio	1
without	1
the	1
headsets	1
in	1
the	1
phone	1
which	1
is	1
bulky	1
and	1
annoying.	1
The	1
cable	1
does	1
not	1
always	1
spin	1
right	1
back	1
and	1
it's	1
rather	1
hard	1
to	1
make	1
it	1
do	1
so.	1
It	1
was	1
not	1
"unlocked".	1
The	1
phone	1
shuts	1
off	1
by	1
itself	1
even	1
when	1
the	1
battery	1
is	1
fully	1
charged!	1
However,	1
for	1
me,	1
I	1
am	1
stuck	1
with	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
calls	1
the	1
last	1
person	1
in	1
my	1
call	1
log	1
ALL	1
THE	1
TIME.	1
Doesn't	1
have	1
a	1
clip,	1
can't	1
swivel,	1
very	1
weak	1
&	1
poorly	1
made	1
anchor	1
system	1
holding	1
case	1
to	1
belt	1
clip.	1
Hold	1
the	1
RIM	1
Blackberry	1
8700	1
securely.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
set	1
for	1
my	1
pearl	1
8130	1
(new	1
from	1
sprint),	1
my	1
work	1
computer,	1
my	1
co-wokers	1
(a	1
few	1
of	1
them)'s	1
computers	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
my	1
wife	1
and	1
kid's.	1
Pairing	1
cell	1
phones	1
is	1
very	1
easy,	1
and	1
speaker	1
volume	1
is	1
loud	1
enough.	1
After	1
returning	1
the	1
travel	1
cooler,	1
I	1
had	1
no	1
use	1
for	1
this	1
unit,	1
so	1
I	1
returned	1
it	1
too.	1
We're	1
trying	1
to	1
return	1
our	1
phone	1
(didn't	1
get	1
to	1
use	1
it),	1
although	1
if	1
you	1
buy	1
a	1
prepaid	1
card,	1
they	1
are	1
nonrefundable.	1
Tested	1
it	1
with	1
the	1
regular	1
car	1
radio	1
and	1
the	1
speakers	1
are	1
fine.	1
I	1
recommend	1
it	1
for	1
anyone	1
looking	1
to	1
get	1
their	1
tooth	1
blued.	1
Priced	1
under	1
ten	1
dollars,	1
this	1
earpiece	1
is	1
extremely	1
inexpensive.	1
leather	1
Case	1
for	1
blackberry	1
pearl	1
8100.	1
Voice	1
activated	1
dialing	1
with	1
the	1
touch	1
of	1
a	1
button,	1
including	1
with	1
bluetooth5.	1
I	1
have	1
an	1
old	1
Nokia	1
phone	1
with	1
small	1
pin	1
to	1
charge.	1
I	1
removed	1
system	1
from	1
one	1
of	1
my	1
cars	1
and	1
started	1
to	1
install	1
it	1
in	1
another	1
but	1
forgot	1
to	1
mark	1
the	1
wires.	1
Great	1
headset	1
for	1
occasional	1
use....	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
headset	1
mainly	1
in	1
the	1
car.	1
I	1
ended	1
up	1
throwing	1
this	1
away.	1
Rugged,	1
comfortable,	1
and	1
no	1
worse	1
than	1
average	1
in	1
terms	1
of	1
ease-of-use	1
and	1
sound	1
quality.	1
I	1
reset	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
several	1
times	1
and	1
even	1
removed	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
pairing	1
and	1
re-added	1
the	1
headset	1
back	1
to	1
my	1
phone.	1
I	1
got	1
the	1
Samsung	1
T629.	1
Motorola	1
should	1
recall	1
this,	1
or	1
remove	1
the	1
battery--	1
makes	1
a	1
great	1
paperweight!.	1
I	1
would	1
plug	1
them	1
in	1
to	1
charge	1
overnite	1
prior	1
to	1
travel,	1
and	1
the	1
blue	1
lights	1
would	1
light	1
up	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
charging.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
my	1
elderly	1
father	1
and	1
all	1
it	1
accomplished	1
was	1
make	1
both	1
of	1
us	1
much	1
older!	1
Appears	1
Worn,	1
NOT	1
BRAND	1
NEW.	1
What	1
Customer	1
service?.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for	1
-	1
essentially	1
nothing.	1
HORRIBLE	1
SERVICE.	1
Great	1
price	1
too!	1
Easy	1
to	1
make	1
calls	1
and	1
receive	1
calls.	1
Returned	1
after	1
a	1
week	1
of	1
frustration	1
--	1
unclear	1
how	1
the	1
vendor	1
intends	1
to	1
profit	1
by	1
paying	1
to	1
ship	1
phones	1
around	1
the	1
country.	1
I	1
asked	1
what	1
was	1
the	1
phone	1
for?Anyway,	1
am	1
going	1
back	1
next	1
week	1
and	1
have	1
them	1
exchange	1
it	1
for	1
another	1
one.	1
When	1
I	1
received	1
it,	1
it	1
looked	1
cheap	1
and	1
flimsy,	1
but	1
I	1
thought	1
"hey,	1
it	1
is	1
a	1
Nokia".	1
I	1
wish	1
they	1
just	1
sold	1
a	1
decent	1
Nokia.	1
I	1
had	1
the	1
original	1
RAZR	1
phone	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
years	1
before	1
upgrading	1
to	1
this	1
one,	1
but	1
I	1
definitely	1
prefer	1
the	1
original	1
RAZR	1
over	1
this	1
new	1
phone.	1
However,	1
the	1
sound	1
isn't	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
there	1
is	1
a	1
constant	1
rhythmic	1
tapping	1
sound	1
which	1
is	1
actually	1
a	1
little	1
bit	1
of	1
static.	1
Only	1
the	1
address	1
book	1
works.	1
Needless	1
to	1
say,	1
they	1
didn't	1
offer	1
online	1
warranty	1
registration	1
when	1
I	1
bought	1
it.	1
I'll	1
be	1
taking	1
it	1
back	1
for	1
a	1
refund.	1
Great	1
Headset,	1
But....	1
This	1
is	1
an	1
awesome	1
headset	1
that	1
I	1
use	1
in	1
my	1
office.	1
So	1
it	1
does	1
work	1
but	1
don't	1
believe	1
what	1
you	1
see.	1
but	1
dont	1
buy	1
one	1
or	1
mine	1
will	1
be	1
less	1
special	1
Cord	1
is	1
very	1
short	1
but	1
good	1
value.The	1
plug	1
won't	1
retract	1
but	1
what	1
do	1
you	1
exact	1
for	1
$7.	1
With	1
the	1
640,	1
the	1
headset	1
always	1
drops	1
the	1
BT	1
connection	1
about	1
1	1
minute	1
after	1
ending	1
a	1
call.	1
Where	1
the	1
blue	1
tooth	1
folds	1
together,	1
very	1
dirty.	1
No	1
problems	1
hearing	1
someone	1
or	1
they	1
hearing	1
you.	1
inexpensive	1
and	1
easy	1
to	1
use.	1
Other	1
than	1
these	1
few	1
complaints,	1
I'm	1
delighted	1
with	1
this	1
phone.	1
This	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
best	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
so	1
far.	1
I	1
now	1
have	1
5	1
of	1
these,	1
they	1
work	1
very	1
well,	1
I	1
have	1
given	1
them	1
to	1
friends	1
and	1
all	1
tell	1
me	1
they	1
have	1
enjoyed	1
them	1
very	1
much.	1
I'm	1
sure	1
in	1
time	1
the	1
680	1
will	1
improve	1
it's	1
bugs	1
and	1
in	1
due	1
time	1
I'll	1
upgrade.	1
To	1
make	1
this	1
short	1
and	1
to	1
the	1
point.	1
this	1
phone	1
is	1
great	1
in	1
terms	1
of	1
all	1
of	1
the	1
features	1
it	1
offers.	1
So	1
full	1
of	1
problems	1
and	1
bugs!.	1
Difficult	1
setup	1
very	1
limited	1
features.	1
I	1
took	1
some	1
tape	1
for	1
mine,	1
i	1
would	1
recomend	1
it.	1
Emailed	1
for	1
help.	1
annoying,	1
slow,	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
babysat.	1
I	1
couldn't	1
be	1
more	1
happy	1
with	1
it.	1
Mine	1
has	1
white	1
stitching,	1
and	1
no	1
metal	1
clip	1
at	1
the	1
bottom	1
(as	1
in	1
the	1
photo).	1
Can't	1
beat	1
the	1
price!	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
seller!!	1
I	1
recommend	1
this	1
case	1
100%	1
(Cingular	1
makes	1
excuses.	1
It	1
looks	1
and	1
performs	1
exactly	1
like	1
the	1
one	1
purchased	1
through	1
Verizon,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
was	1
about	1
$30	1
less!	1
It's	1
working!!!	1
As	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
fact,	1
you	1
won't	1
even	1
realize	1
it	1
is	1
there.	1
The	1
Samsung	1
even	1
sounds	1
better.	1
That	1
means	1
the	1
photo	1
isn't	1
immediately	1
taken.	1
I've	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
almost	1
a	1
month	1
and	1
am	1
very	1
satisfied.	1
I	1
WILL	1
CONTINUE	1
BUYING	1
THRU	1
AMAZON	1
BUT	1
TRY	1
TO	1
STAY	1
AWAY	1
FROM	1
ANYTHING	1
MADE	1
IN	1
CHINA.	1
This	1
data	1
cable	1
works	1
great	1
and	1
based	1
on	1
the	1
feel	1
seems	1
to	1
be	1
high	1
quality	1
and	1
well	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
Perfect	1
Fit!.	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
first	1
item	1
ordered	1
through	1
Amazon	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
returned.	1
great	1
quality	1
and	1
price	1
(small	1
ears	1
friendly).	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
time	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
problems.	1
I	1
bought	1
and	1
use	1
the	1
product	1
and	1
it	1
works	1
exactly	1
as	1
advertised.	1
i	1
dont	1
like	1
it.	1
Usually	1
went	1
outside	1
to	1
have	1
conversations.	1
A	1
very	1
annoying	1
feature.	1
Had	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
Treos,	1
both	1
defective	1
in	1
one	1
function	1
or	1
another.	1
After	1
calling	1
customer	1
service	1
they	1
told	1
me	1
it	1
was	1
mine	1
and	1
Amaozons	1
problem	1
and	1
there	1
was	1
nothing	1
they	1
would	1
do	1
about	1
it.	1
I	1
hate	1
this	1
phone!!!	1
Awesome	1
bluetooth.	1
Worst	1
Headset...	1
EVER..	1
Tried	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
days	1
and	1
returned	1
to	1
store.	1
Talk	1
time	1
is	1
really	1
good!	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
the	1
BLUETOOTH	1
headset	1
AND	1
the	1
car	1
charger.	1
I'm	1
seeking	1
to	1
replace	1
this	1
phone	1
ASAP.Just	1
how	1
bad	1
is	1
this	1
phone?This	1
phone	1
is	1
SO	1
SO	1
bad	1
I'm	1
compelled	1
to	1
write	1
about	1
it	1
because	1
I	1
am	1
that	1
furious.	1
Nice	1
battery	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
I	1
loved	1
this	1
blue	1
tooth,	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
most	1
comfortable	1
one	1
that	1
I	1
have	1
used.	1
The	1
camera	1
viewfinder	1
is	1
not	1
obscured.	1
It	1
does	1
what	1
it	1
is	1
supposed	1
to.	1
I	1
don't	1
recommend	1
anyone	1
getting	1
this.	1
But	1
for	1
the	1
low	1
price	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
give	1
it	1
a	1
try.	1
People	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
said	1
I	1
sounded	1
fine	1
but	1
that	1
I	1
sounded	1
like	1
I	1
was	1
in	1
a	1
tunnel.	1
net10	1
service	1
good,	1
but	1
product	1
never	1
delivered.	1
I	1
received	1
the	1
battery,	1
charged	1
it	1
up	1
and	1
it	1
went	1
dead	1
after	1
a	1
day.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
I	1
have	1
run	1
into	1
so	1
far	1
is	1
occasionally	1
I	1
forget	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
Would	1
recommend	1
product	1
and	1
seller.	1
I	1
also	1
have	1
the	1
information	1
on	1
how	1
to	1
send	1
ringtones	1
to	1
tracfone	1
phones,	1
which	1
i	1
will	1
send	1
with	1
a	1
referral	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
TERRIBLE	1
product!	1
Since	1
she	1
is	1
a	1
teenager	1
this	1
was	1
of	1
highest	1
priority,	1
so	1
we	1
had	1
to	1
return	1
the	1
phone	1
(and	1
pay	1
for	1
the	1
shipping)	1
and	1
get	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Battery	1
product	1
works	1
fine	1
and	1
priced	1
very	1
competitively.	1
The	1
Scala	1
500	1
sits	1
outside	1
your	1
ear	1
and	1
doesn't	1
quite	1
get	1
as	1
loud	1
as	1
the	1
PLT.	1
Although	1
the	1
unit	1
is	1
a	1
big	1
step	1
forward	1
toward	1
integrating	1
the	1
Phone	1
and	1
PDA	1
it	1
is	1
not	1
quite	1
perfect	1
yet.	1
Its	1
great	1
and	1
even	1
has	1
features	1
that	1
my	1
old	1
m515	1
didn't	1
have.	1
I	1
contacted	1
Motorola	1
to	1
see	1
if	1
they	1
had	1
a	1
replacement	1
piece.	1
The	1
phone	1
portion	1
works	1
just	1
fine.	1
I	1
traded	1
in	1
from	1
the	1
Razr	1
to	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
I	1
was	1
told	1
it	1
has	1
a	1
better	1
signal	1
that	1
it's	1
motorola	1
counterpart.	1
Replacing	1
my	1
Samsung	1
S105	1
phone	1
because	1
of	1
this	1
issue	1
as	1
well,	1
Seen	1
someone	1
else	1
on	1
here	1
have	1
the	1
same	1
problem	1
as	1
me	1
with	1
the	1
E105.	1
I	1
waited,	1
and	1
now	1
am	1
being	1
told	1
that	1
the	1
unit	1
has	1
gone	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
warrenty	1
period.	1
The	1
charging	1
thing	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
of	1
a	1
pain	1
in	1
the	1
butt	1
but	1
you	1
get	1
use	1
to	1
it.	1
It	1
works	1
perfectly	1
with	1
that	1
phone.	1
The	1
650	1
in	1
comparison	1
constantly	1
crashes	1
and	1
drops	1
calls.	1
Alright,	1
Here	1
is	1
the	1
411	1
on	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
service.PHONE-	1
Very	1
good.	1
Lack	1
of	1
850	1
Band	1
--	1
US	1
Residents	1
Should	1
Avoid	1
This	1
Phone.	1
This	1
Coby	1
product	1
has	1
poor	1
quality	1
control,	1
for	1
whatever	1
reason	1
the	1
right	1
channel	1
will	1
not	1
work	1
(my	1
guess	1
would	1
be	1
a	1
problem	1
with	1
the	1
cable	1
or	1
plug).	1
pay	1
attention.	1
But	1
the	1
On/Off	1
and	1
Volume	1
buttons	1
don't	1
work	1
as	1
expected.	1
We're	1
the	1
phone	1
company.	1
The	1
BT5020	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
couple	1
flimsy	1
tips	1
that	1
slip	1
on,	1
but	1
they	1
are	1
pretty	1
much	1
pointless	1
since	1
they	1
come	1
off	1
too	1
easily.	1
That	1
said,	1
it's	1
not	1
uncomfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
-	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
find	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
use	1
the	1
earloop,	1
which	1
I	1
tend	1
not	1
to	1
like	1
so	1
much.	1
I	1
paid	1
$100	1
for	1
it	1
originally.	1
While	1
Jawbone	1
make	1
a	1
great	1
blue	1
tooth	1
ear	1
bud,	1
it	1
doesn't	1
interface	1
with	1
ears	1
well.	1
The	1
buttons	1
and	1
overall	1
finish	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
solid.	1
His	1
touch	1
screen	1
already	1
has	1
stopped	1
working.	1
This	1
is	1
even	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
Segway,	1
and	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
right.	1
I	1
still	1
think	1
that	1
younger	1
kids	1
could	1
use	1
a	1
normal	1
easy	1
to	1
use	1
(such	1
as	1
the	1
the	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
K9	1
(25	1
bucks))	1
cell	1
phone.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
are	1
hard	1
of	1
hearing	1
or	1
just	1
like	1
to	1
hear	1
loud	1
voices	1
over	1
the	1
phone,	1
then	1
this	1
phone	1
will	1
probably	1
fit	1
the	1
bill.3)Speaker	1
phone.	1
Home	1
of	1
more	1
dropped	1
calls	1
per	1
minute	1
than	1
any	1
other	1
carrier.	1
The	1
protector	1
is	1
a	1
thin,	1
ultra-tough	1
plastic	1
that	1
binds	1
to	1
your	1
iPod's	1
surface.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
months.	1
Regarding	1
no	1
wall	1
charger	1
for	1
Motorola	1
T305.	1
The	1
Camera	1
is	1
not	1
that	1
great.	1
Yes,	1
my	1
wife	1
is	1
calling	1
everyone	1
on	1
her	1
Z500	1
like	1
its	1
a	1
damn	1
landline.	1
They	1
put	1
me	1
on	1
hold	1
again.Finally...the	1
answer.	1
Beats	1
buying	1
something	1
else	1
that	1
doesn't	1
perform	1
near	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
this	1
one.	1
Great	1
products/great	1
price.	1
Sound	1
is	1
clear.	1
I	1
would	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone.	1
Stylish	1
but	1
not	1
perfect.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
a	1
few	1
nights	1
ago	1
and	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
enjoying	1
this	1
cell	1
phone.	1
Poor	1
Design.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
almost	1
2	1
and	1
half	1
years	1
ago.	1
BUT	1
if	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
turned	1
on,	1
and	1
I	1
get	1
a	1
phone	1
call,	1
it	1
rings	1
with	1
a	1
generic	1
ring	1
tone	1
(called	1
"continental").	1
cheap	1
and	1
gets	1
the	1
job	1
done.	1
Both	1
Palm	1
and	1
Cingular	1
STINK	1
!!!.	1
The	1
first	1
phone	1
I	1
purchased	1
had	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
software	1
problems.	1
I	1
would	1
like	1
to	1
down	1
load	1
ring	1
tones	1
on	1
to	1
my	1
phone.	1
Even	1
in	1
their	1
own	1
forum	1
site	1
this	1
problem	1
is	1
refered	1
to.	1
enV	1
a	1
good	1
phone...few	1
issues.	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
undamaged	1
(no	1
bulge,	1
or	1
swell),	1
yet	1
a	1
full	1
charge	1
is	1
good	1
for	1
about	1
10	1
minutes	1
of	1
talk	1
time.	1
All	1
in	1
all	1
I	1
guess	1
-	1
&quot;Good	1
luck&quot;	1
is	1
in	1
order	1
if	1
you	1
decide	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
case.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
turn	1
the	1
headset	1
off	1
and	1
call	1
her	1
back	1
without	1
it.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
silver	1
background,	1
but	1
more	1
greenish-gray	1
scales.	1
Please	1
do	1
not	1
buy	1
this	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
BlackBerry	1
8700C.	1
Apparently,	1
I	1
was	1
cutting	1
out	1
an	1
unacceptable	1
amount	1
on	1
their	1
end.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
the	1
Chocolate	1
for	1
about	1
seven	1
months	1
now	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
Even	1
the	1
mic	1
location	1
was	1
built	1
into	1
the	1
car.	1
You	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
megabytes	1
of	1
internet	1
usage,	1
starting	1
at	1
$4.99	1
a	1
month.	1
The	1
Car	1
Charger	1
doesn't	1
lock	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
so	1
as	1
you	1
drive	1
it	1
beeps	1
as	1
it	1
disconnects	1
and	1
reconnects	1
to	1
the	1
charger.	1
And	1
this	1
one	1
will	1
not	1
let	1
you	1
down.	1
They	1
arrived	1
as	1
described	1
in	1
record	1
time.	1
just	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
when	1
you	1
need	1
a	1
charging.	1
The	1
retractable	1
power	1
cord	1
is	1
a	1
nice	1
convenience	1
and	1
keeps	1
the	1
cord	1
organized.	1
I	1
purchased	1
this	1
item,	1
and	1
it	1
quit	1
working	1
after	1
five	1
days.	1
In	1
fact	1
it	1
will	1
recognize	1
the	1
numbers	1
faster	1
than	1
you	1
can	1
speak!	1
When	1
browsing	1
through	1
the	1
phone	1
menu,	1
there	1
is	1
quite	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
jumping	1
while	1
using	1
the	1
thumb	1
scroll.	1
I	1
have	1
always	1
liked	1
Motorola.	1
I	1
thought	1
that	1
by	1
spending	1
a	1
little	1
more	1
money	1
for	1
a	1
replacement	1
battery	1
(almost	1
$6.	1
They	1
are	1
not	1
comfortable.	1
The	1
case	1
does	1
not	1
cover	1
the	1
screen.	1
Also	1
if	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
downloaded	1
theme	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
sacrifice	1
the	1
caller	1
id	1
on	1
the	1
external	1
screen	1
to	1
do	1
so.	1
Charger	1
connection	1
is	1
terrible.	1
Not	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product.	1
There	1
are	1
2	1
on	1
my	1
phone...'nuff	1
said...	1
It	1
does	1
however	1
work	1
when	1
I	1
switched	1
the	1
adapters	1
in	1
another	1
deck.	1
The	1
650	1
is	1
an	1
inferior	1
product.	1
i'm	1
sorry,	1
but	1
i'm	1
leaving	1
you	1
for	1
my	1
old	1
sony	1
ericsson,	1
whom	1
i	1
still	1
love	1
dearly.	1
Flip	1
phone	1
style	1
is	1
much	1
more	1
compact...the	1
i730	1
was	1
like	1
carrying	1
a	1
brick	1
around	1
on	1
my	1
hip.	1
I	1
have	1
been	1
using	1
this	1
headset	1
for	1
2	1
years	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
working	1
very	1
well.	1
Does	1
not	1
work.	1
Quality	1
cellphone	1
case.	1
..	1
This	1
device	1
works	1
as	1
billed.	1
Not	1
what	1
I	1
expected..	1
The	1
product	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
the	1
one	1
I	1
had...	1
But	1
it	1
doesn't	1
add	1
up	1
to	1
what	1
is	1
advertised	1
on	1
the	1
lable.	1
While	1
it	1
was	1
looking	1
cool	1
and	1
matches	1
the	1
style	1
of	1
my	1
Treo,	1
the	1
audio	1
was	1
very,	1
very	1
weak.	1
It	1
fits	1
perfectly.	1
Whats	1
wrong	1
with	1
the	1
old	1
star	1
tac	1
type	1
style?????	1
Treo	1
650	1
SkinTight	1
with	1
Holster	1
-	1
Clear	1
(2169011).	1
It	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
removed	1
to	1
charge	1
the	1
headset.	1
Of	1
all	1
the	1
different	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
I've	1
tried	1
HS850	1
is	1
for	1
sure	1
the	1
best.	1
Frozen,	1
Disconnected,	1
Crashed	1
EVERYDAY.	1
As	1
a	1
result,	1
I	1
hate	1
Cingular	1
too!	1
The	1
battery	1
is	1
deficient	1
enough	1
to	1
be	1
called	1
3rd	1
world.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
this	1
cord.	1
It	1
does	1
filter	1
some	1
phone	1
interruptions,	1
enough	1
to	1
be	1
worth	1
the	1
cost.	1
Everyone	1
around	1
me	1
think	1
it	1
is	1
coolest	1
phone	1
ever.	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
650	1
and	1
liked	1
it	1
a	1
lot,	1
despite	1
Palm	1
being	1
a	1
little	1
stingy	1
with	1
the	1
memory.	1
Great	1
Seller.	1
Sprint	1
sucks	1
w/	1
this	1
technology.	1
So,	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
for	1
its	1
intended	1
purpose...an	1
international	1
conference	1
call	1
to	1
a	1
land	1
line	1
at	1
dirt	1
cheap	1
rates.	1
does	1
the	1
job	1
well	1
for	1
little	1
money.	1
And	1
it	1
did	1
it	1
perfectly.	1
Works	1
great!.	1
The	1
clip	1
itself	1
looks	1
pretty	1
neat	1
while	1
on	1
the	1
phone.	1
Works	1
great	1
as	1
replacement.	1
a	1
mixture	1
of	1
pros	1
and	1
cons.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
all	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
made	1
out	1
to	1
be.	1
Sound	1
quality	1
on	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
poor,	1
sounds	1
like	1
a	1
cheap	1
transister	1
radio,	1
i	1
use	1
wired	1
earbud	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
much	1
better,	1
but	1
wired.	1
Fits	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
glasses	1
ear	1
piece	1
also.	1
Don't	1
waste	1
your	1
time	1
looking	1
for	1
another	1
case,	1
this	1
is	1
the	1
best.	1
The	1
walkman	1
part	1
works	1
great,	1
just	1
need	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
2	1
gig	1
stick.	1
I	1
know	1
because	1
I	1
checked	1
before	1
I	1
ordered.ThanksGurlon	1
Lands	1
/	1
Alabama	1
Like	1
having	1
a	1
stylus.really	1
helpful	1
needs	1
to	1
be	1
longer	1
and	1
fatter.	1
also	1
the	1
front	1
covers	1
many	1
of	1
the	1
numbers	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
not	1
dial.	1
Excellent	1
Phone.	1
The	1
charger	1
had	1
a	1
wire	1
exposed	1
when	1
it	1
arrived	1
which	1
we	1
taped,	1
and	1
then	1
the	1
tip	1
fell	1
off.	1
Cell	1
phone	1
is	1
back	1
in	1
action	1
again,	1
battery	1
works	1
great!	1
Not	1
much	1
info	1
with	1
the	1
product	1
mailer,	1
but	1
nothing	1
too	1
complicated	1
with	1
the	1
help	1
of	1
a	1
Sprint	1
customer	1
service	1
representative.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
Verizon,	1
AT&T;,	1
Cingular,	1
and	1
Sprint,	1
and	1
while	1
none	1
of	1
them	1
are	1
great,	1
T-Mobile	1
is	1
dramatically	1
worse	1
than	1
any	1
of	1
them.	1
My	1
main	1
disappointment	1
is	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
battery	1
life	1
it	1
has...3	1
hours	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
long	1
time.	1
not	1
what	1
you	1
think.	1
But	1
the	1
pictures	1
are	1
decent.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
this	1
headset	1
of	1
the	1
two	1
I've	1
had	1
before,	1
mostly	1
because	1
it	1
has	1
the	1
piece	1
that	1
fits	1
inside	1
your	1
ear.	1
My	1
initial	1
impressions	1
were	1
"so-so".	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
given	1
it	1
at	1
least	1
4	1
stars	1
but	1
for	1
other	1
problems.	1
And	1
this	1
is	1
pertinent	1
to	1
ALL	1
cell	1
phones.	1
I	1
went	1
back	1
to	1
my	1
old	1
one	1
for	1
a	1
while,	1
and	1
then	1
I	1
tried	1
the	1
BT620s	1
again.	1
The	1
bluetooth	1
gets	1
3	1
stars	1
but	1
Plantronics	1
gets	1
5.	1
ive	1
never	1
had	1
this	1
phone,	1
but	1
ive	1
experienced	1
it	1
long	1
enough	1
to	1
review	1
it...	1
thanks	1
to	1
my	1
friend!	1
The	1
top	1
clip	1
is	1
way	1
too	1
long	1
and	1
in	1
just	1
the	1
right	1
place	1
to	1
interfere	1
with	1
the	1
battery	1
compartment	1
release.	1
I	1
was	1
narrowed	1
down	1
to	1
the	1
Handspring	1
Visor	1
Deluxe	1
and	1
the	1
Palm	1
m100,	1
however,	1
I	1
chose	1
the	1
m100	1
because	1
of	1
this	1
new	1
feature.	1
And	1
is	1
expensive.	1
3	1
piece	1
Value	1
Combo.	1
It's	1
a	1
little	1
bulky,	1
but	1
sturdy	1
and	1
fits	1
well.	1
Don't	1
forget	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
hands	1
free	1
if	1
you	1
HAVE	1
to	1
buy	1
this	1
phone....	1
The	1
price	1
I	1
paid	1
for	1
this	1
battery	1
on	1
Amazon	1
is	1
far	1
better	1
than	1
any	1
local	1
store.	1
It	1
looks	1
snazzy	1
but	1
its	1
a	1
big	1
overpriced	1
toy	1
that	1
I	1
really	1
regret	1
buying.	1
excellent	1
buy.	1
Of	1
course,	1
it	1
would	1
seem	1
like	1
I	1
should	1
be	1
a	1
bit	1
more	1
careful,	1
but	1
it	1
shouldn't	1
have	1
fallen	1
off	1
my	1
ear	1
in	1
the	1
first	1
place!	1
Having	1
had	1
the	1
Nokia	1
N800	1
since	1
April	1
2007.	1
At	1
first	1
it	1
was	1
working	1
great	1
but	1
then	1
about	1
a	1
month	1
ago	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
the	1
voice	1
(transmit)	1
started	1
to	1
degrade.	1
And	1
constructed	1
out	1
of	1
strong	1
neoprene.	1
kinda	1
defeats	1
the	1
purpose	1
of	1
hands-free!3.	1
Thank's	1
Ted	1
long	1
battery	1
life,	1
very	1
comfortable,	1
great	1
to	1
use	1
while	1
working	1
out	1
I	1
turned	1
off	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
powered	1
back	1
up.	1
First	1
of	1
all,	1
the	1
speaker	1
is	1
very	1
loud,	1
especially	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
an	1
mp3-type	1
ringer.	1
Try	1
punching	1
in	1
a	1
number	1
with	1
the	1
speaker	1
on!	1
WORST	1
PHONE	1
I'VE	1
EVER	1
HAD!!!.	1
Unfortunately,	1
it	1
wasn't.	1
I'd	1
recommend	1
that	1
buyers	1
get	1
a	1
wired	1
unit	1
or	1
prepare	1
to	1
enjoy	1
static	1
&	1
bad	1
reception	1
with	1
this	1
Plantronics	1
Explorer	1
320.NEXT...	1
In	1
prepaid	1
version,	1
it	1
only	1
has	1
one	1
game,	1
spaceball.	1
I	1
would	1
highly	1
suggest	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
anyone.	1
It	1
does	1
not.	1
very	1
few	1
comparisions	1
can	1
be	1
made	1
with	1
this	1
phone	1
and	1
other	1
phones.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
headset	1
to	1
pair	1
up	1
with	1
my	1
new	1
Motorola	1
v600	1
cell	1
phone.	1
I	1
carry-on.	1
I	1
was	1
basically	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
product	1
until	1
the	1
snap	1
broke.	1
If	1
it	1
wasn't	1
for	1
the	1
shipping	1
costs	1
I	1
would	1
return	1
them.	1
Only	1
had	1
this	1
bluetooth	1
for	1
2	1
weeks	1
and	1
the	1
mouth	1
piece	1
cracked.Only	1
a	1
matter	1
of	1
time	1
before	1
it	1
breaks	1
off	1
completely.	1
its	1
very	1
annoying	1
to	1
whoever	1
I'm	1
talking	1
to.	1
Not	1
sure	1
what	1
happened	1
but.	1
Got	1
agravated	1
with	1
it	1
so	1
I	1
took	1
it	1
off	1
and	1
put	1
it	1
in	1
the	1
drawer.	1
Unfortunately,	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
only	1
protective	1
cover	1
that	1
can	1
be	1
found	1
on	1
the	1
market	1
for	1
the	1
Zen	1
Sleek.	1
The	1
Bluethooth	1
wireless	1
headset	1
fits	1
perfect	1
inside	1
the	1
case.	1
I	1
know	1
that	1
can't	1
be	1
helped	1
with	1
this	1
style	1
of	1
earphones	1
but	1
with	1
technology	1
these	1
days.	1
I	1
liked	1
the	1
features	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
but	1
did	1
not	1
like	1
how	1
it	1
handled	1
my	1
calls,	1
(went	1
silent	1
for	1
a	1
minute	1
or	1
two	1
alot	1
during	1
calls).	1
*	1
No	1
AM	1
on	1
the	1
radio.	1
I	1
ALWAYS	1
leave	1
it	1
internally,	1
and	1
have	1
GREAT	1
reception.2.	1
I	1
thought	1
mine	1
was	1
gonna	1
be	1
in	1
a	1
retail	1
package	1
new.NOT!	1
I	1
tried	1
taking	1
out	1
the	1
battery,	1
nothing	1
happened.	1
Still,	1
a	1
good	1
price	1
and	1
compares	1
to	1
the	1
regular	1
battery.	1
Sun	1
Force	1
Solar	1
Pest	1
Repeller.	1
I	1
will	1
never	1
purchase	1
headphones	1
like	1
this	1
again.	1
I	1
tried	1
a	1
phonecall	1
to	1
the	1
headset	1
and	1
the	1
headset	1
button	1
would	1
not	1
answer	1
the	1
phonecall.	1
Had	1
never	1
had	1
reason	1
for	1
one	1
before.I	1
ordered	1
the	1
keyboard	1
early	1
in	1
March	1
and	1
at	1
the	1
same	1
time	1
ordered	1
the	1
Bluetooth	1
Travel	1
Mouse.	1
If	1
you	1
insist	1
on	1
getting	1
this	1
service	1
pay	1
the	1
extra	1
$20	1
per	1
month	1
and	1
don't	1
sign	1
2	1
year	1
contract.	1
The	1
Amazon	1
seller	1
is	1
missing	1
in	1
action,	1
and	1
I	1
haven't	1
heard	1
a	1
thing	1
back	1
from	1
my	1
3	1
messages.The	1
headphones	1
are	1
nice	1
enough.	1
You	1
can	1
order	1
these	1
bluetooths	1
directly	1
from	1
Bluedio	1
for	1
less	1
than	1
$20.	1
The	1
headphones	1
are	1
odd	1
though...	1
the	1
left	1
ear	1
bud	1
has	1
a	1
7	1
inch	1
wire	1
and	1
the	1
right	1
almost	1
18	1
inches.	1
It's	1
pretty	1
snug,	1
but	1
in	1
a	1
way	1
that	1
is	1
a	1
good	1
thing.	1
It	1
was	1
time	1
for	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Going	1
back	1
after	1
less	1
than	1
24	1
hrs.	1
best	1
bluetooth	1
ever.	1
Exactly	1
what	1
is	1
advertised.	1
They	1
seem	1
to	1
have	1
no	1
ethics,	1
no	1
consistency,	1
no	1
honesty.	1
I	1
tried	1
the	1
unit	1
again	1
in	1
another	1
closed-in	1
room	1
with	1
no	1
noticable	1
sounds.	1
WHEN	1
I	1
GOT	1
THE	1
REPLACEMENT	1
IT	1
DID	1
NOT	1
WORK	1
EITHER.	1
But	1
it's	1
pretty	1
light.Unfortunately,	1
the	1
unit	1
I	1
got	1
refused	1
to	1
be	1
charged..	1
The	1
light	1
would	1
stay	1
red	1
for	1
a	1
few	1
min,	1
then	1
it's	1
off.	1
Plus,	1
the	1
price	1
was	1
right.	1
This	1
way,	1
there's	1
no	1
pressure	1
on	1
the	1
side	1
seams.	1
DID	1
NOT	1
WORK.	1
-	1
this	1
is	1
NOT	1
true!5.	1
This	1
came	1
with	1
my	1
phone...and	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
the	1
phone,	1
but	1
this	1
charger	1
is	1
one	1
cheap	1
piece	1
of	1
crap.	1
She	1
thought	1
i	1
was	1
crazy	1
until	1
she	1
borrowed	1
my	1
phone	1
one	1
day	1
and	1
witnessed	1
it	1
herself.	1
why	1
don't	1
you	1
ever	1
charge	1
correctly?	1
TERRIBLE	1
HORRIBLE	1
tech	1
support.	1
Buggy,	1
Crashes!,	1
Avoid!.	1
Great	1
gift.	1
(otherwise	1
it	1
would	1
be	1
5	1
stars)	1
I	1
am	1
not	1
one	1
to	1
clip	1
my	1
phone	1
to	1
anything,	1
but	1
it	1
does	1
make	1
it	1
easier	1
to	1
dig	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
bottom	1
of	1
my	1
purse.	1
It	1
says	1
that	1
it	1
comes	1
with	1
a	1
connection	1
kit,	1
but	1
the	1
documentation	1
assumes	1
you	1
already	1
have	1
a	1
way	1
to	1
connect	1
the	1
(coaxial?)	1
If	1
you	1
can	1
get	1
them	1
to	1
stay	1
the	1
output	1
level	1
is	1
weak.	1
I	1
am	1
enjoying	1
the	1
camera	1
and	1
its	1
ease	1
of	1
use...just	1
point,	1
click	1
and	1
save.	1
It's	1
more	1
comfortable	1
to	1
wear	1
than	1
the	1
previous	1
bluetooth	1
that	1
I	1
had.	1
On	1
the	1
other	1
hand,	1
the	1
signal	1
quality	1
in	1
our	1
apartment	1
is	1
good,	1
whereas	1
our	1
old	1
Nokia's	1
would	1
cut	1
out	1
entirely.	1
Signal	1
just	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
other	1
phones	1
we	1
haveCons:1.	1
Blue	1
light	1
is	1
cool	1
too.	1
Nice	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
You	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
Shoddy	1
construction.	1
and	1
to	1
send	1
it	1
in	1
for	1
repair.	1
I	1
contacted	1
the	1
company	1
and	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
send	1
it	1
back	1
at	1
my	1
expense.	1
Amazon	1
shipped	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
me	1
in	1
2	1
days	1
with	1
the	1
free	1
shipping.	1
But	1
I	1
don't	1
like	1
this	1
kind	1
of	1
deceptive	1
price	1
at	1
all.	1
The	1
one	1
star	1
is	1
for	1
it's	1
looks	1
only.	1
On	1
my	1
3rd	1
phone!!.	1
I	1
was	1
surprised	1
to	1
see	1
how	1
many	1
people	1
wrote	1
such	1
negative	1
reviews	1
on	1
this	1
phone,	1
seriously...I	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
7	1
months	1
ago	1
and	1
I	1
still	1
love	1
it!	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE.	1
The	1
voice	1
recognition	1
calling	1
is	1
a	1
bit	1
of	1
struggle.	1
That	1
is	1
why	1
the	1
VX7000	1
is	1
almost	1
the	1
perfect	1
phone.	1
I	1
mean	1
that	1
compared	1
to	1
other	1
VGA	1
cameras	1
on	1
phones,	1
this	1
one	1
stinks.	1
Can't	1
imagine	1
not	1
having	1
the	1
headset	1
lifter	1
or	1
the	1
flashing	1
light	1
accessory	1
that	1
clearly	1
tells	1
others	1
when	1
I	1
am	1
on	1
the	1
phone!	1
hard	1
to	1
beat	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
The	1
vibrating	1
battery	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
idea	1
for	1
people,	1
like	1
me,	1
who	1
do	1
not	1
like	1
to	1
see	1
everybody	1
staring	1
at	1
you	1
when	1
your	1
cell	1
phone	1
rings.	1
Although	1
it	1
does	1
seem	1
to	1
recognize	1
.ics	1
files	1
sent	1
over	1
bluetooth	1
using	1
file	1
exchange,	1
it	1
is	1
unable	1
to	1
cleanly	1
import	1
them	1
into	1
the	1
phone	1
calendar.2.	1
My	1
time	1
is	1
worth	1
more	1
than	1
th	1
$10	1
I	1
get	1
ripped	1
off	1
for.	1
The	1
bottom	1
line	1
on	1
this	1
is	1
that	1
for	1
about	1
$5.00	1
I	1
got	1
a	1
USB	1
cable.	1
I	1
got	1
it	1
for	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
which	1
playes	1
iTunes.	1
When	1
I	1
saw	1
a	1
charger	1
at	1
the	1
price	1
I	1
thought	1
chargers	1
should	1
be	1
(about	1
$4	1
including	1
shipping)	1
I	1
decided	1
to	1
get	1
the	1
charger.	1
I	1
purchased	1
it	1
for	1
W580i.	1
Boy	1
was	1
i	1
ever	1
wrong,	1
the	1
Razr	1
was	1
terrible.	1
Cheap	1
build	1
quality.	1
I	1
ordered	1
two	1
of	1
these	1
and	1
they	1
were	1
both	1
DOA.	1
I	1
admit	1
that	1
it	1
took	1
a	1
little	1
time	1
to	1
get	1
used	1
to	1
wearing	1
it,	1
but	1
after	1
I	1
did,	1
I'm	1
never	1
aware	1
that	1
it's	1
on	1
my	1
ear.	1
The	1
M	1
logo	1
lit	1
up	1
with	1
a	1
pleasant	1
glow,	1
it	1
looks	1
cool,	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
was	1
recharged.So	1
-	1
it	1
does	1
exactly	1
what	1
it's	1
supposed	1
to.	1
About	1
half	1
of	1
the	1
price	1
of	1
the	1
same	1
quality	1
cord	1
from	1
the	1
AT&T	1
Store.	1
Great	1
headset.	1
protects	1
the	1
phone	1
without	1
added	1
weight.	1
The	1
BlueAnt	1
is	1
placed	1
right	1
on	1
the	1
visor	1
so	1
the	1
speaker	1
is	1
just	1
a	1
few	1
inches	1
from	1
your	1
mouth.	1
It	1
gets	1
lost	1
in	1
my	1
shirt	1
pocket,	1
my	1
jacket	1
pocket,	1
left	1
on	1
the	1
counter.	1
I	1
know	1
I've	1
gone	1
an	1
entire	1
week	1
without	1
recharging.	1
The	1
headset	1
looks	1
great,	1
it's	1
extremely	1
comfortable	1
and	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
perfectly	1
fine	1
with	1
other	1
phones.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
headset	1
for	1
the	1
money.	1
Slim	1
design,	1
good	1
fit	1
in	1
ear	1
and	1
connected	1
well	1
to	1
phone.	1
i	1
would	1
not	1
buy	1
from	1
this	1
distributor	1
again.	1
I	1
discovered	1
this	1
product	1
a	1
few	1
years	1
ago	1
when	1
I	1
purchased	1
a	1
phone	1
from	1
Verizon.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
biggest	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
I've	1
ever	1
owned.	1
They	1
said	1
they'd	1
send	1
another	1
one	1
out	1
pronto.	1
That	1
is	1
why	1
I	1
only	1
gave	1
it	1
a	1
2	1
star,	1
not	1
a	1
3.	1
I	1
have	1
used	1
the	1
Treo	1
600	1
since	1
October.	1
In	1
windy	1
place	1
or	1
while	1
walking	1
I	1
just	1
love	1
it.	1
The	1
phone	1
is	1
also	1
very	1
lightweight.	1
I	1
have	1
the	1
HS700	1
and	1
this	1
case	1
(because	1
it	1
isn't	1
rigid)	1
constantly	1
presses	1
the	1
button,	1
putting	1
the	1
headset	1
into	1
discovery	1
mode.	1
Don't	1
press	1
wrong	1
letters	1
on	1
Kindle	1
games	1
anymore.	1
It	1
is	1
worthless.	1
This	1
product	1
comes	1
with	1
no	1
instructions.	1
It	1
is	1
dark	1
and	1
you	1
can	1
not	1
see	1
anyting.3.	1
I	1
just	1
want	1
a	1
phone	1
that	1
works	1
as	1
a	1
phone...	1
simple.This	1
one	1
is	1
cheap	1
and	1
flimsy.	1
I	1
won't	1
buy	1
another	1
RIM	1
product	1
until	1
I'm	1
convinced	1
they've	1
solved	1
this	1
problem.	1
Good	1
and	1
Light	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
I	1
just	1
played	1
Garanimals(tm)	1
until	1
I	1
had	1
a	1
good	1
fit,	1
but	1
why	1
was	1
that	1
up	1
to	1
me	1
to	1
figure	1
out?	1
Being	1
a	1
very	1
careful	1
shopper,	1
I	1
did	1
some	1
research	1
online	1
and	1
some	1
of	1
the	1
past	1
reviews	1
must	1
have	1
been	1
written	1
about	1
the	1
previous	1
model.	1
The	1
"7"	1
and	1
sometimes	1
the	1
"6"	1
key.	1
I	1
have	1
recommend	1
to	1
my	1
friends.	1
The	1
earpiece	1
is	1
comfortable	1
and	1
I	1
can	1
hear	1
everyone	1
just	1
fine.	1
It	1
pairs	1
with	1
my	1
Motorola	1
Krzr	1
perfectly	1
Not	1
as	1
good	1
as	1
the	1
BT250V.	1
No	1
games,	1
but	1
for	1
me	1
that	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
problem.	1
It	1
runs	1
on	1
the	1
Sprint	1
PCS	1
network	1
which	1
is	1
generally	1
second	1
only	1
to	1
Verizon	1
in	1
terms	1
of	1
reliability.	1
Possibly	1
not	1
necessary.	1
Cheap,	1
uncomfortable,	1
earloop	1
will	1
break!!!.	1
Once	1
its	1
on	1
its	1
not	1
easy	1
to	1
get	1
off.	1
A	1
bit	1
tough	1
to	1
put	1
on.	1
Only	1
useful	1
when	1
the	1
speaker	1
is	1
1	1
ft	1
from	1
the	1
transmitter.	1
One	1
fault-	1
one	1
cannot	1
keep	1
as	1
much	1
of	1
a	1
song/rintone	1
as	1
one	1
would	1
like.	1
This	1
item	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
genuine	1
Motorola.	1
Lets	1
start	1
by	1
saying	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
signal	1
outside,	1
this	1
product	1
does	1
not	1
work.	1
so	1
if	1
you	1
hate	1
typing	1
in	1
names	1
on	1
a	1
device	1
for	1
phone	1
numbers,	1
this	1
is	1
for	1
you.make	1
sure	1
you	1
get	1
the	1
insurence	1
on	1
the	1
SK2	1
also.	1
I	1
thought	1
the	1
Nokia	1
6102	1
is	1
the	1
good	1
one.	1
Minor	1
flaws,	1
but	1
nothing	1
to	1
keep	1
someone	1
from	1
buying	1
it.	1
This	1
is	1
a	1
big	1
problem,	1
since	1
it's	1
needed	1
to	1
use	1
almost	1
all	1
the	1
phone's	1
features.	1
Unfortunately,	1
my	1
Sony	1
phone	1
does	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
car's	1
Bluetooth,	1
but	1
other	1
brands	1
seem	1
to	1
work	1
fine	1
with	1
it.	1
Because	1
my	1
Treo	1
680	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
loose	1
in	1
this	1
case,	1
I	1
could	1
not	1
feel	1
my	1
phone	1
vibrate	1
about	1
90	1
percent	1
of	1
the	1
time.	1
Excellent	1
value.	1
Also,	1
it	1
doesn't	1
stay	1
locked.	1
but	1
his	1
case	1
has	1
shown	1
the	1
exact	1
same	1
tears	1
as	1
mine.It's	1
just	1
one	1
BAD	1
design	1
flaw...	1
and	1
a	1
waste	1
of	1
money.	1
By	1
spring,	1
we	1
had	1
a	1
more	1
complete	1
opinion	1
and	1
not	1
a	1
good	1
one.	1
It's	1
a	1
relatively	1
good	1
price,	1
fits	1
well,	1
and	1
the	1
sound	1
quality	1
for	1
both	1
ends	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
good.	1
Wrote	1
to	1
the	1
tech	1
people	1
numerous	1
times	1
to	1
no	1
avail.	1
It	1
doesn'r	1
hold	1
a	1
charge.	1
BUT	1
THE	1
GOOD	1
NEWS	1
ENDS	1
THERE!!	1
The	1
phone	1
way	1
too	1
easily	1
pops	1
out	1
at	1
most	1
inopportune	1
moments.	1
Now	1
I	1
can	1
re-charge	1
in	1
my	1
car	1
anywhere.	1
There	1
is	1
absolutely	1
no	1
reason	1
the	1
buttons	1
on	1
the	1
outside	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
should	1
make	1
noise	1
when	1
it	1
is	1
closed.	1
i	1
don't	1
think	1
so..	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
part	1
as	1
its	1
Original	1
Nokai	1
part,	1
but	1
I	1
was	1
disappointed.	1
I	1
guess	1
I	1
will	1
have	1
to	1
buy	1
to	1
'official'	1
cable	1
to	1
get	1
anything	1
to	1
work.I'm	1
sure	1
this	1
works	1
for	1
some	1
other	1
people,	1
but	1
not	1
for	1
me.	1
i	1
said	1
to	1
heck	1
with	1
that	1
and	1
just	1
bought	1
it	1
for	1
20	1
bucks	1
off	1
ebay.	1
I	1
like	1
that	1
it	1
charges	1
the	1
phone	1
as	1
you	1
Sync	1
up.Highly	1
recommended	1
-	1
and	1
at	1
such	1
a	1
good	1
price!	1
I	1
wanted	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
compare	1
two	1
bluetooth	1
headsets	1
side	1
by	1
side	1
and	1
do	1
some	1
testing	1
to	1
see	1
which	1
one	1
had	1
the	1
better	1
voice	1
and	1
sound	1
quality.	1
Perfect	1
for	1
what	1
I	1
needed.	1
Absolutely	1
compatible	1
with	1
the	1
LG8100	1
cell	1
phone,	1
they	1
will	1
not	1
work	1
as	1
such	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
make	1
sense.	1
It	1
fits	1
nice	1
and	1
snug	1
in	1
the	1
ear.	1
There's	1
no	1
cancel	1
feature	1
when	1
you	1
press	1
the	1
"back"	1
button	1
on	1
accident	1
so	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
save	1
your	1
text	1
as	1
a	1
draft	1
and	1
go	1
back	1
in	1
to	1
finish	1
it.	1
It	1
was	1
very	1
cheaply	1
made	1
and	1
fell	1
apart.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
nice	1
features,	1
the	1
only	1
problem	1
(as	1
others	1
have	1
mentioned)	1
is	1
the	1
lack	1
of	1
caller-ID	1
on	1
the	1
outside	1
of	1
the	1
phone.	1
The	1
Right	1
battery	1
at	1
the	1
right	1
price..	1
The	1
right	1
battery	1
at	1
the	1
right	1
price.	1
The	1
variety	1
of	1
sizes	1
and	1
left/right	1
ear	1
options	1
let	1
me	1
find	1
the	1
one	1
that	1
was	1
just	1
right	1
for	1
me.	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
turn	1
it	1
back	1
on	1
about	1
15	1
times	1
today	1
which	1
is	1
ridiculous	1
in	1
my	1
opinion.	1
great	1
device.	1
Most	1
of	1
the	1
time	1
the	1
phone	1
would	1
say	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
no	1
email	1
in	1
my	1
Gmail	1
account.	1
Doesn't	1
work	1
as	1
advertised.	1
Several	1
damage..	1
I	1
just	1
bought	1
4	1
of	1
this	1
and	1
1	1
comes	1
with	1
several	1
damage	1
and	1
the	1
mic	1
doesn't	1
work.	1
Does	1
Not	1
Work	1
With	1
Motorola	1
V195.	1
Good	1
weight	1
and	1
soft	1
blue	1
exterior	1
-	1
it	1
feels	1
quality.	1
I	1
just	1
know	1
I'm	1
comparing	1
it	1
to	1
two	1
former	1
PDA's	1
(ipaq	1
and	1
sony)	1
and	1
my	1
former	1
cell	1
phones	1
(nokia	1
and	1
motorola).	1
I	1
do,	1
however,	1
think	1
that	1
the	1
Palm	1
OS	1
has	1
some	1
great	1
user-friendly	1
features,	1
and	1
it's	1
simple,	1
and	1
fast.	1
When	1
i	1
did	1
gett	1
it	1
on	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
pull	1
so	1
hard	1
that	1
the	1
cover	1
for	1
the	1
screen	1
was	1
completely	1
bent	1
and	1
started	1
getting	1
ripped	1
off	1
the	1
leather.	1
They	1
worked	1
ok	1
initially,	1
but	1
all	1
three	1
have	1
failed	1
with	1
very	1
little	1
use	1
in	1
either	1
the	1
mic,	1
speaker,	1
or	1
both.	1
Great	1
fit!.	1
I	1
can	1
charge	1
my	1
phone	1
without	1
removing	1
the	1
case.	1
I	1
am	1
hard	1
of	1
hearing	1
and	1
the	1
position	1
of	1
the	1
speaker	1
is	1
perfect,	1
max	1
volume	1
is	1
not	1
needed	1
as	1
with	1
the	1
V3.	1
I	1
really	1
like	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
it	1
uses	1
AAA	1
batteries,	1
so	1
I	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
mess	1
with	1
another	1
charger.	1
Well	1
designed	1
holster	1
-	1
Every	1
RAZR	1
needs	1
one	1
!.	1
I've	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
almost	1
a	1
year	1
now.	1
Great	1
case	1
especially	1
for	1
the	1
price.	1
Works	1
only	1
in	1
USA.	1
Looked	1
Good	1
But	1
Didn't	1
Last.	1
All	1
in	1
all	1
it	1
does	1
the	1
job	1
and	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
price.	1
Too	1
big	1
and	1
bulky...I	1
was	1
kind	1
of	1
glad	1
my	1
pup	1
got	1
a	1
hold	1
of	1
it	1
so	1
I	1
could	1
have	1
an	1
excuse	1
to	1
get	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
I	1
wish	1
I	1
would	1
have	1
done	1
that.	1
You	1
need	1
a	1
new	1
sim	1
card,	1
we	1
will	1
send	1
it	1
in	1
5-10	1
days.ARGGGGGGGGG!!!!!	1
I've	1
only	1
had	1
this	1
one	1
a	1
few	1
months,	1
but	1
I	1
wear	1
it	1
every	1
day.	1
I	1
tried	1
several	1
in-between	1
cables,	1
but	1
no	1
luck.	1
Some	1
people	1
may	1
find	1
the	1
headphones	1
to	1
bulky	1
for	1
ergonomic	1
and	1
visual	1
effect,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
very	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
and	1
use.	1
great	1
price	1
and	1
great	1
product	1
better	1
than	1
purchasing	1
at	1
the	1
store.	1
I	1
contacted	1
them	1
to	1
return	1
it	1
but	1
they	1
wanted	1
the	1
box	1
it	1
came	1
in,	1
which	1
I	1
don't	1
have.	1
The	1
white-on-silver	1
number	1
keys	1
are	1
hard	1
to	1
see	1
in	1
the	1
sunlight4.	1
Makes	1
you	1
wonder	1
why	1
the	1
Treo	1
700	1
is	1
running	1
Windows	1
now???	1
Maybe	1
it's	1
because	1
I'm	1
an	1
existing	1
ATT	1
customer?	1
awesome	1
deal	1
for	1
3	1
bucks	1
:)	1
No	1
quadband.2.	1
Overall,	1
it	1
will	1
work	1
for	1
what	1
I	1
needed	1
it	1
for	1
which	1
is	1
talking	1
on	1
the	1
phone	1
while	1
driving.	1
I	1
read	1
that	1
thinking	1
it	1
meant	1
a	1
Skype	1
call.	1
You're	1
better	1
off	1
trying	1
to	1
make	1
an	1
antenna	1
out	1
of	1
a	1
Pringles	1
can.	1
The	1
camera	1
is	1
1.2MP,	1
but	1
it	1
is	1
grainy.	1
I	1
then	1
plugged	1
in	1
the	1
one	1
in	1
from	1
Sprint,	1
worked	1
great.	1
Thin	1
materiel	1
would	1
not	1
last	1
long,	1
inexpensive	1
looking.	1
It's	1
close	1
enough	1
if	1
you're	1
not	1
too	1
picky.	1
This	1
is	1
more	1
related	1
to	1
the	1
cell	1
phone	1
carrier	1
than	1
the	1
phone	1
manufacturer.I	1
have	1
given	1
this	1
phone	1
4	1
stars.	1
Same	1
as	1
Lucious	1
below	1
...	1
doesn't	1
work	1
with	1
Skype	1
:-(.	1
The	1
magnetic	1
clasp	1
has	1
to	1
be	1
seated	1
*just*	1
right	1
or	1
it	1
doesn't	1
hold.	1
i	1
just	1
love	1
it!	1
Problems	1
with	1
the	1
H700.	1
it	1
took	1
Bargaincel	1
11	1
days	1
to	1
tell	1
me	1
the	1
battery	1
they	1
said	1
was	1
in	1
stock	1
wasn't	1
and	1
they	1
had	1
know	1
idea	1
when	1
it	1
would	1
be.	1
So	1
exactly	1
what	1
is	1
it	1
you	1
are	1
selling?	1
My	1
advice	1
is	1
to	1
carefully	1
handle	1
the	1
cord,	1
while	1
pulling	1
the	1
two	1
sides	1
of	1
it	1
apart	1
to	1
lengthen	1
it.	1
We	1
went	1
all	1
the	1
way	1
back	1
and	1
got	1
me	1
the	1
same	1
type	1
of	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
second	1
one	1
has	1
a	1
good	1
battery	1
but	1
still	1
has	1
very	1
poor	1
reception.	1
i	1
like	1
the	1
service	1
i	1
got	1
and	1
everything	1
went	1
well	1
The	1
tone	1
when	1
dialing	1
numbers	1
is	1
so	1
soft	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
impossible	1
to	1
hear	1
if	1
there	1
is	1
any	1
background	1
noise.	1
The	1
included	1
ringtones	1
are	1
a	1
bit	1
cheesy	1
but	1
was	1
not	1
a	1
bid	1
deal	1
since	1
I	1
all	1
I	1
wanted	1
was	1
a	1
cheap	1
phone	1
that	1
works	1
well.	1
Aliph	1
JAwbone	1
Bluetooth	1
Headset.	1
Good	1
build	1
quality	1
for	1
the	1
particular	1
feature.-	1
Good	1
standby,	1
saves	1
battery,	1
easy	1
to	1
work	1
with	1
50%	1
brightness.	1
Now	1
I	1
can	1
keep	1
my	1
very	1
loved,	1
old	1
cell	1
phone	1
around	1
for	1
another	1
5	1
years.	1
Cheap	1
power.	1
You	1
don't	1
need	1
to	1
pay	1
the	1
$5/month	1
to	1
Sprint	1
to	1
have	1
their	1
voice	1
dialing	1
service	1
as	1
voice	1
dialing	1
is	1
built	1
into	1
the	1
phone.	1
Who	1
in	1
their	1
right	1
mind	1
is	1
gonna	1
buy	1
this	1
battery?	1
It	1
has	1
retained	1
its	1
shape	1
and--best	1
of	1
all--can	1
be	1
cleaned	1
easily	1
and	1
reassembled	1
in	1
a	1
jiff.	1
Does	1
the	1
job	1
well.	1
Now	1
they	1
say	1
that	1
they	1
can	1
hear	1
me	1
loud	1
and	1
clear.	1
Received	1
Quickly	1
the	1
batteries	1
work	1
just	1
fine	1
what	1
else	1
can	1
I	1
say,	1
Charged	1
them	1
and	1
getting	1
excellent	1
service.	1
However,	1
the	1
decal	1
came	1
off	1
quicker	1
than	1
expected.	1
If	1
you	1
care	1
about	1
how	1
your	1
music	1
sounds,	1
don't	1
waste	1
your	1
money	1
on	1
these.	1
That	1
was	1
about	1
the	1
upper	1
limit	1
of	1
its	1
value.	1
A/C	1
and	1
car	1
plugs	1
don't	1
work	1
with	1
TX.	1
Read	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
reviews	1
on	1
this	1
earpiece	1
and	1
I	1
must	1
say	1
that	1
it	1
does	1
deliver.	1
My	1
heart	1
began	1
to	1
sink.	1
my	1
1st	1
was	1
a	1
mobile	1
freedom	1
which	1
its	1
ear	1
loop	1
broke	1
after	1
6	1
months.	1
Bought	1
this	1
head	1
set,	1
after	1
powering	1
it	1
on,	1
unit	1
would	1
not	1
work.	1
If	1
you	1
want	1
a	1
good	1
mobile	1
phone	1
get	1
a	1
blackberry	1
or	1
the	1
iphone.If	1
you	1
need	1
a	1
Treo	1
get	1
the	1
650!	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
case	1
when	1
I	1
bought	1
my	1
iPhone	1
less	1
than	1
three	1
months	1
ago.	1
This	1
is	1
the	1
second	1
cover	1
I	1
have	1
ordered	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
the	1
same	1
as	1
the	1
first	1
one.	1
Great	1
cable.	1
I	1
contacted	1
the	1
seller	1
who	1
requested	1
a	1
photo	1
of	1
the	1
charger	1
outlet	1
on	1
my	1
phone.	1
So	1
I	1
closed	1
the	1
speaker	1
and	1
reused	1
it	1
after	1
2	1
days.	1
Bought	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
battery	1
that,	1
of	1
course,	1
died	1
one	1
week	1
past	1
their	1
return/refund	1
deadline.	1
Big	1
problem,	1
so	1
none	1
of	1
the	1
100+	1
songs	1
that	1
I	1
put	1
on	1
the	1
memory	1
card	1
worked.	1
It	1
is	1
the	1
worst	1
of	1
the	1
worst.	1
I	1
love	1
this	1
because	1
I	1
take	1
my	1
little	1
minolta	1
to	1
work.	1
It	1
allows	1
for	1
communication	1
on	1
cell	1
calls,	1
while	1
listening	1
to	1
music.	1
I	1
have	1
not	1
been	1
successful	1
in	1
getting	1
the	1
software	1
to	1
recognise	1
my	1
phone	1
yet.	1
Great	1
case	1
with	1
screen	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
body	1
protection.	1
Peace	1
of	1
junk!	1
I	1
still	1
have	1
the	1
original	1
battery	1
and	1
everything	1
is	1
holding	1
up	1
just	1
nicely.	1
I	1
was	1
looking	1
to	1
cut	1
down	1
the	1
amount	1
of	1
time	1
I	1
have	1
a	1
cell	1
phone	1
stuck	1
to	1
the	1
side	1
of	1
my	1
head	1
due	1
to	1
safety	1
and	1
comfort.	1
Poor	1
standby	1
time.	1
The	1
product	1
never	1
worked,	1
so	1
I	1
cannot	1
rate	1
it	1
for	1
quality.	1
The	1
USB	1
charger	1
didn't	1
work	1
at	1
all.	1
I	1
can	1
use	1
it	1
as	1
a	1
mp3	1
player,	1
camera,	1
storage,	1
keep	1
favorites,	1
and	1
more.	1
Don't	1
make	1
the	1
same	1
mistake	1
we	1
did!	1
Good	1
middle	1
of	1
the	1
road	1
earpiece	1
from	1
Jabra.	1
The	1
buttons	1
can't	1
be	1
dialed	1
by	1
just	1
feeling	1
for	1
them,	1
which	1
makes	1
them	1
look	1
cool,	1
but	1
really	1
hurts	1
functionality.	1
I	1
would	1
recommend	1
this	1
phone	1
to	1
anyone	1
who	1
has	1
any	1
doubts	1
about	1
buying	1
it.	1
I	1
love	1
it!.	1
Works	1
much	1
better,	1
and	1
half	1
the	1
price.	1
Also,	1
very	1
bad	1
reception.	1
This	1
supposedly	1
is	1
becoming	1
a	1
frequent	1
complaint	1
about	1
this	1
phone.	1
In	1
my	1
experience,	1
sprint	1
has	1
the	1
worst	1
customer	1
service	1
I	1
have	1
encountered.	1
It	1
was	1
sold	1
by	1
"Direct	1
to	1
Store"	1
and	1
fulfilled	1
by	1
Amazon.	1
I	1
love	1
the	1
gold	1
color!	1
Overall	1
its	1
pretty	1
nice	1
to	1
just	1
keep	1
the	1
phone	1
in	1
your	1
pocket	1
and	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
do	1
daily	1
tasks	1
easier.	1
The	1
item	1
came	1
with	1
a	1
mounting	1
bracket,	1
car	1
charger,	1
and	1
a	1
USB	1
charging	1
unit.	1
So	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
mind	1
a	1
little	1
larger	1
headset,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
buy.	1
If	1
it	1
had	1
an	1
additional	1
battery,	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
fit.	1
Really	1
good	1
sound.	1
This	1
phone	1
is	1
one	1
of	1
THE	1
WORST	1
phones	1
I've	1
ever	1
had,	1
and	1
that	1
is	1
saying	1
a	1
lot	1
since	1
I	1
mostly	1
get	1
hand-me-down	1
phones,	1
but	1
this	1
one	1
I	1
got	1
new.	1
cardo	1
700	1
review.	1
Basically	1
this	1
is	1
review	1
for	1
the	1
Amazon	1
pricing	1
and	1
not	1
the	1
item	1
itself.	1
The	1
case	1
has	1
very	1
smart	1
looks	1
and	1
is	1
durable.	1
it's	1
a	1
good	1
looking	1
cellphone	1
but	1
not	1
a	1
friendly	1
user	1
one.	1
but	1
you	1
pay	1
the	1
price.	1
It	1
paired	1
with	1
my	1
cell	1
phone	1
extremely	1
easily.	1
I	1
read	1
reviews	1
about	1
this	1
product.	1
But	1
you	1
will	1
more	1
than	1
likely	1
be	1
happy	1
with	1
this	1
thing..	1
it	1
served	1
me	1
well	1
for	1
HALF	1
A	1
DECADE.	1
I'm	1
in	1
an	1
urban	1
area	1
so	1
I	1
always	1
have	1
all	1
bars	1
up.	1
This	1
unit	1
works	1
well	1
and	1
does	1
almost	1
everything	1
I	1
need.	1
Contacted	1
Amazon,	1
and	1
was	1
told	1
I'd	1
be	1
called	1
back	1
by	1
a	1
specialist.	1
My	1
head	1
bumps	1
into	1
it	1
every	1
time	1
I	1
get	1
in	1
and	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
car.	1
The	1
downside,	1
this	1
is	1
certainly	1
not	1
a	1
great	1
phone.	1
I've	1
had	1
7	1
or	1
8	1
phones	1
in	1
my	1
lifetime,	1
and	1
this	1
was	1
the	1
worst	1
one.	1
And	1
only	1
one	1
30	1
cent	1
clip	1
with	1
the	1
unit.	1
They	1
are	1
sometimes	1
exorbitant!	1
Hi,	1
I'm	1
from	1
Chile,	1
i	1
bought	1
this	1
phone	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
price	1
and	1
i	1
am	1
very	1
surprise.	1
An	1
easy	1
to	1
use,	1
easy	1
to	1
read	1
phone.	1
If	1
you	1
transfer	1
a	1
file	1
larger	1
than	1
this	1
and	1
try	1
to	1
use	1
it	1
as	1
a	1
ringtone,	1
it	1
will	1
say	1
the	1
file	1
is	1
invalid.	1
If	1
we	1
turned	1
everything	1
off,	1
no	1
windows	1
open,	1
people	1
said	1
the	1
sound	1
was	1
better,	1
but	1
still	1
could	1
hear	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
background	1
noise.	1
I	1
have	1
only	1
used	1
it	1
in	1
a	1
metro	1
area	1
and	1
so	1
far	1
no	1
complaints.Another	1
issue	1
for	1
people	1
who	1
buy	1
it	1
on	1
Amazon	1
is	1
the	1
Data	1
plan.	1
The	1
more	1
I	1
use	1
it	1
the	1
less	1
I	1
like	1
it..	1
Here's	1
an	1
update	1
now	1
that	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
3	1
months.	1
I	1
needed	1
a	1
new	1
phone	1
charger	1
because	1
mine	1
wouldn't	1
work	1
anymore.	1
Delivery	1
was	1
a	1
little	1
slow,	1
about	1
10	1
days.	1
Hard	1
to	1
hear.	1
Especially	1
considering	1
I	1
paid	1
$13	1
+	1
shipping	1
here	1
on	1
Amazon.	1
I've	1
had	1
the	1
phone	1
for	1
over	1
one	1
year.	1
I	1
do	1
not	1
recommend	1
to	1
anyone...	1
For	1
the	1
record,	1
I	1
am	1
using	1
a	1
pair	1
of	1
Bluejay	1
Freedom	1
Stereo	1
Bluetooth	1
Earbuds.	1
The	1
predictive	1
typing	1
works	1
well.	1
I've	1
had	1
my	1
Virgin	1
Mobile	1
Nokia	1
Shorty	1
for	1
several	1
months	1
now.	1
You	1
do	1
get	1
what	1
you	1
pay	1
for.	1
Seems	1
to	1
be	1
of	1
a	1
little	1
less	1
quality	1
than	1
my	1
original	1
case	1
from	1
Sprint.	1
DOES	1
NOT	1
WORK.	1
Razor	1
phones	1
suck,	1
and	1
so	1
does	1
motorola,	1
Sanyo	1
I	1
hope	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
be	1
a	1
more	1
reliable	1
phone.	1
Goes	1
to	1
show	1
that	1
quality	1
control	1
isn't	1
Motorola's	1
strong	1
point.-	1
Short	1
battery	1
life.	1
It	1
seemed	1
like	1
all	1
of	1
my	1
pictures	1
were	1
blurry.	1
doesn't	1
hold	1
phone.	1
I've	1
owned	1
two	1
Motorola	1
models	1
that	1
worked	1
great	1
in	1
quiet	1
environments,	1
but	1
not	1
in	1
public,	1
where	1
the	1
background	1
noise	1
make	1
it	1
difficult	1
to	1
hear.	1
700p	1
is	1
vastly	1
better.	1
I	1
tried	1
to	1
find	1
out	1
how	1
to	1
make	1
sound	1
lounder.	1
The	1
battery	1
compartment	1
release	1
gets	1
in	1
the	1
way	1
big	1
time.	1
That's	1
true;	1
however,	1
it	1
charges	1
so	1
SLOWLY	1
that	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
have	1
it	1
plugged	1
in	1
all	1
day	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
charge	1
adequately.	1
I	1
charged	1
it	1
for	1
6	1
hours	1
and	1
the	1
red	1
light	1
was	1
still	1
on	1
(The	1
manual	1
says	1
"when	1
charging	1
is	1
completed,	1
the	1
red	1
indicator	1
will	1
shut	1
off").	1
also	1
good	1
tech	1
support.	1
I'm	1
coming	1
to	1
Amazon	1
first	1
when	1
I	1
need	1
something,	1
that's	1
for	1
sure!	1
Good	1
product,	1
Great	1
price,	1
Fast	1
delivery.	1
So	1
I	1
send	1
them	1
the	1
pictures	1
of	1
the	1
torn	1
case	1
and	1
After	1
about	1
four	1
email	1
exchange	1
customer	1
service	1
went	1
silent	1
on	1
me.Save	1
your	1
money.	1
Well	1
at	1
least	1
after	1
many	1
trips	1
to	1
Verizon	1
Wireless,	1
they	1
at	1
least	1
took	1
care	1
of	1
me.	1
This	1
software	1
is	1
CRAP!	1
This	1
makes	1
this	1
phone	1
much	1
less	1
attractive.Also,	1
the	1
GPS	1
feature	1
requires	1
an	1
additional	1
monthly	1
charge	1
(although	1
this	1
is	1
to	1
be	1
expected.	1
Bought	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
my	1
girlfriend	1
for	1
her	1
birthday	1
on	1
November	1
30,	1
2008.	1
And	1
he	1
also	1
takes	1
care	1
of	1
his	1
phone.I	1
just	1
want	1
to	1
trash	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
bat	1
but	1
it	1
costs	1
$400.00!	1
The	1
charger	1
quit	1
working	1
two	1
weeks	1
after	1
receipt.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
this	1
phone	1
for	1
about	1
a	1
year	1
now,	1
and	1
it	1
appears	1
that	1
it	1
has	1
received	1
some	1
hard	1
reviews.	1
The	1
only	1
problem	1
(which	1
is	1
not	1
that	1
big	1
of	1
a	1
deal)	1
is	1
that	1
the	1
stylus	1
is	1
harder	1
to	1
get	1
to.	1
All	1
in	1
all,	1
I've	1
tried	1
to	1
use	1
7	1
different	1
Bluetooth	1
units,	1
and	1
they	1
aren't	1
worth	1
the	1
high	1
cost.	1
My	1
entire	1
family	1
loves	1
them!!!	1
I	1
clicked	1
on	1
new	1
when	1
ordering	1
my	1
headset	1
and	1
it	1
has	1
arrived	1
with	1
a	1
rattle	1
in	1
it.	1
Experience	1
made	1
me	1
feel	1
like	1
a	1
sucker.Found	1
another	1
source	1
on	1
the	1
Internet,	1
and	1
bought	1
one	1
there.	1
From	1
the	1
WAV	1
files,	1
I've	1
found	1
it	1
easier	1
to	1
burn	1
audio	1
CD's	1
using	1
Windows	1
Media	1
Player	1
than	1
by	1
using	1
the	1
NERO	1
software.	1
I	1
use	1
a	1
laptop	1
and	1
all	1
my	1
appointments	1
and	1
contacts	1
are	1
stored	1
on	1
Outlook.	1
This	1
was	1
a	1
good	1
creation	1
because	1
my	1
iPOD	1
was	1
full	1
of	1
scratches	1
and	1
it	1
looked	1
bad.	1
I	1
didn't	1
like	1
the	1
style	1
of	1
the	1
Plantronic	1
510	1
initially	1
but	1
was	1
convinced	1
to	1
buy	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
high	1
ratings	1
by	1
other	1
users.	1
I	1
was	1
excited	1
to	1
finally	1
not	1
be	1
tether	1
to	1
my	1
phone	1
(Samsung	1
Blade)	1
any	1
more.	1
I'm	1
not	1
one	1
to	1
wear	1
his	1
phone,	1
so	1
no	1
beltclip	1
and	1
no	1
beltclip	1
button	1
is	1
a	1
plus.	1
Both	1
the	1
left	1
and	1
right	1
sides	1
of	1
the	1
phone	1
are	1
lined	1
with	1
buttons.	1
hahaWell	1
by	1
far,	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
little	1
device	1
for	1
quick	1
use!	1
Good	1
for	1
a	1
little	1
while.	1
Works	1
like	1
original	1
so	1
far.	1
So	1
now	1
i	1
have	1
a	1
cable	1
covered	1
with	1
electrical	1
tape.	1
So,	1
I	1
waited	1
patiently	1
til	1
I	1
was	1
eligible	1
for	1
my	1
upgrade	1
(Cingular)	1
and	1
then	1
ordered	1
it	1
immediately!It	1
seemed	1
to	1
work	1
fine	1
at	1
first.	1
Then	1
press	1
the	1
middle	1
button	1
the	1
right	1
ear.	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
to	1
anyone	1
looking	1
for	1
a	1
quick,	1
easy	1
way	1
to	1
access	1
their	1
phone.	1
Even	1
a	1
reset	1
doesn't	1
work	1
--	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
pull	1
the	1
battery	1
out	1
to	1
reset.	1
I	1
was	1
expecting	1
great	1
things	1
from	1
this	1
headset	1
since	1
it	1
was	1
from	1
Motorola	1
but	1
Motorola	1
really	1
let	1
me	1
down.	1
Has	1
a	1
fair	1
amount	1
of	1
background	1
static	1
that	1
is	1
always	1
constant	1
at	1
some	1
level.	1
It	1
is	1
reasonably	1
well	1
finished.	1
After	1
I	1
ordered	1
I	1
received	1
a	1
case	1
that	1
was	1
scratched	1
with	1
a	1
piece	1
snapped	1
off.	1
I	1
only	1
gave	1
it	1
4	1
stars	1
because	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
touchy	1
if	1
the	1
phone	1
is	1
not	1
placed	1
in	1
correct.	1
Extremely	1
light	1
and	1
comfortable.	1
Don't	1
buy	1
this	1
phone	1
with	1
Cingular.	1
But	1
I	1
do	1
it	1
anyway	1
b/c	1
hopefully	1
at	1
some	1
point	1
AMAZON	1
is	1
going	1
to	1
take	1
responsibility	1
for	1
the	1
conduct	1
of	1
their	1
market	1
sellers.	1
Other	1
than	1
that	1
it's	1
a	1
really	1
good	1
headset.	1
I	1
LOVE	1
the	1
fact	1
that	1
I	1
now	1
have	1
my	1
Palm	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
all-in-one.	1
Two	1
strikes.	1
!,	1
very	1
good	1
cell	1
phone!	1
This	1
headset	1
works	1
pretty	1
well	1
with	1
good	1
noise	1
canceling,	1
but	1
it	1
won't	1
stay	1
attached	1
to	1
my	1
ear	1
so	1
the	1
part	1
that	1
rests	1
on	1
my	1
face	1
loses	1
contact.	1
Looks	1
can	1
be	1
deciving	1
-	1
DO	1
NOT	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
PHONE.	1
Granted,	1
this	1
was	1
a	1
top	1
of	1
the	1
line	1
phone	1
a	1
year	1
ago	1
and	1
it	1
wouldn't	1
have	1
been	1
possible	1
to	1
get	1
anything	1
much	1
better.Gripes	1
broke	1
second	1
day.	1
What	1
can	1
I	1
say	1
it	1
Fit	1
like	1
it	1
was	1
(made	1
for	1
it)	1
:)	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
huge	1
one	1
for	1
me.	1
Good	1
Charger.	1
After	1
all	1
that	1
fussing	1
I	1
then	1
try	1
to	1
plug	1
it	1
into	1
my	1
phone	1
and	1
the	1
opening	1
for	1
the	1
plug	1
on	1
my	1
iphone	1
4	1
is	1
too	1
big.	1
Am	1
I	1
cool	1
or	1
what?!	1
It	1
fits	1
in	1
my	1
shirt	1
pocket	1
ok.3.	1
MOTOROLA	1
STOPPED	1
MAKING	1
IT.	1
As	1
promised.	1
Even	1
though	1
it's	1
starting	1
to	1
become	1
an	1
older	1
product	1
itself	1
it	1
is	1
still	1
the	1
best.	1
I	1
have	1
2	1
of	1
these	1
(and	1
got	1
one	1
replaced).	1
It's	1
very	1
nearly	1
impossible	1
to	1
take	1
a	1
picture	1
that	1
isn't	1
blurry	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
touch	1
sensitive	1
buttons.	1
When	1
the	1
headset	1
is	1
powered	1
on,	1
the	1
button	1
flashes.	1
It	1
does	1
smudge	1
easily	1
but	1
is	1
as	1
easily	1
cleaned.	1
terrible	1
phone.	1
Excelente	1
producto.	1
It	1
is	1
a	1
perfect	1
fit,	1
beautifully	1
designed	1
and	1
extremely	1
stylish.	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
case	1
for	1
my	1
AT&T;	1
Galaxy	1
Note	1
a	1
month	1
ago	1
under	1
the	1
impression	1
that	1
it	1
was	1
great	1
looking	1
and	1
sturdy.	1
In	1
summary,	1
I'm	1
still	1
in	1
the	1
market	1
for	1
a	1
better	1
headset.	1
Plenty	1
of	1
decent	1
ringtones	1
come	1
standard	1
and	1
you	1
can	1
customize	1
rings/alarms	1
to	1
people	1
or	1
events	1
you	1
have	1
marked	1
in	1
your	1
calendar.Pros	1
-	1
whole	1
item!	1
sandisk	1
e260	1
player	1
power	1
adapters	1
accessory	1
kit..	1
Very	1
nice	1
accessory	1
package.	1
Makes	1
life	1
a	1
little	1
easier	1
but	1
could	1
use	1
improvement.	1
And	1
I	1
have	1
power	1
saving	1
settings	1
on.5.	1
instead	1
of	1
just	1
a	1
regular	1
professional	1
environment.	1
After	1
sending	1
back	1
this	1
defective	1
part	1
twice,	1
I	1
received	1
a	1
third	1
broken	1
one.Each	1
of	1
these	1
parts	1
were	1
mislabeled	1
with	1
an	1
incorrect	1
serial	1
number.	1
K750i	1
owner's	1
review.	1
My	1
phone	1
would	1
not	1
work	1
with	1
my	1
bluetooth	1
device	1
so	1
I	1
had	1
to	1
look	1
for	1
something	1
cheap	1
to	1
use	1
instead.	1
It	1
does	1
sometimes	1
feel	1
like	1
it	1
might	1
not	1
stay	1
in,	1
but	1
I've	1
never	1
had	1
it	1
fall	1
out	1
while	1
moving	1
around.	1
Well	1
boy	1
was	1
I	1
surprised.	1
So	1
I	1
am	1
forced	1
to	1
buy	1
another	1
phone	1
-	1
my	1
3rd	1
in	1
4	1
years	1
-	1
and	1
it	1
will	1
definitely	1
NOT	1
be	1
a	1
Treo.	1
I	1
imagine	1
the	1
wire	1
broke	1
inside	1
the	1
plastic	1
casing.	1
Contacts	1
were	1
still	1
on	1
SIM	1
card.	1
Cardo	1
scala-500	1
-	1
Not	1
bad	1
at	1
all....	1
I	1
have	1
spent	1
much	1
time	1
trying	1
to	1
find	1
a	1
good	1
Bluetooth	1
headset	1
for	1
my	1
Treo	1
650.	1
This	1
case	1
gives	1
bulk	1
only	1
to	1
the	1
bottom	1
half	1
the	1
phone,	1
giving	1
you	1
superb	1
grip.	1
Not	1
a	1
chance!	1
Easy	1
to	1
pair	1
with	1
my	1
phone.	1
It	1
comes	1
with	1
USB	1
cable	1
so	1
you	1
can	1
transfer	1
songs,	1
pictures,	1
and	1
ringtones.	1
Better	1
than	1
the	1
hard	1
case	1
I	1
had	1
before	1
(from	1
Palm's	1
company).	1
The	1
replacement	1
phone	1
has	1
a	1
still	1
working	1
radio,	1
but	1
it's	1
side	1
volume	1
button	1
broke	1
after	1
a	1
few	1
months.	1
Iwould	1
have	1
sent	1
it	1
back,	1
but	1
it	1
would	1
cost	1
morre	1
to	1
send	1
it	1
back	1
than	1
I	1
paid	1
for	1
it.	1
I	1
tried	1
it	1
on	1
a	1
home	1
desk	1
phone	1
with	1
a	1
headset	1
plug	1
and	1
it	1
happened	1
there	1
as	1
well.	1
I	1
hope	1
newer	1
versions	1
are	1
better.	1
The	1
others	1
just	1
did	1
not	1
really	1
work	1
well.	1
What	1
is	1
the	1
point	1
of	1
a	1
comfortable	1
headset	1
that	1
doesn't	1
work	1
well?I	1
contacted	1
Plantronics	1
support,	1
and	1
they	1
sent	1
a	1
replacement.	1
Terrible	1
Phone.	1
dropping	1
it	1
(on	1
carpeting)	1
is	1
fun-we	1
all	1
drop	1
them	1
right?	1
Thanks	1
for	1
quick	1
and	1
careful	1
shipment.	1
the	1
price	1
is	1
wonderful.	1
I	1
wish	1
there	1
had	1
been	1
more	1
pictures	1
of	1
the	1
product	1
available	1
because	1
afer	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
I	1
was	1
terrible	1
dissapointed	1
with	1
the	1
quality	1
of	1
materials.	1
But	1
I	1
still	1
don't	1
have	1
headphones,	1
which	1
is	1
not.	1
The	1
overall	1
size	1
is	1
OK	1
if	1
you	1
don't	1
like	1
the	1
earpieces	1
with	1
the	1
long	1
mics.	1
works	1
fine.	1
I've	1
used	1
the	1
PN-820	1
for	1
about	1
3	1
weeks	1
now	1
and	1
here	1
is	1
my	1
assessment	1
of	1
this	1
smartphone:PROs:1.	1
Also,	1
I	1
find	1
the	1
earpiece	1
hurts	1
my	1
ear	1
if	1
I	1
wear	1
it	1
much	1
more	1
than	1
a	1
half-hour.	1
Steady	1
noise	1
is	1
eliminated	1
but	1
music	1
and	1
voices	1
still	1
cause	1
interference.	1
Samsung	1
225)	1
you	1
could	1
press	1
left	1
on	1
the	1
arrow	1
keys	1
and	1
have	1
it	1
go	1
to	1
the	1
calendar	1
but	1
not	1
on	1
this	1
model	1
unfortunately.	1
If	1
you	1
turn	1
a	1
page	1
it	1
will	1
be	1
picked	1
up.	1
Adorable	1
but	1
cuts	1
in	1
and	1
out....	1
Disconnects	1
often.	1
It	1
has	1
a	1
decent	1
internal	1
memory	1
(60	1
MB)	1
as	1
well	1
as	1
supporting	1
microSD	1
cards.	1
Highly	1
recommend	1
this	1
little	1
wonder.	1
Just	1
returned	1
mine.	1
DON'T	1
BUY	1
THIS	1
THING	1
EVER.	1
I	1
can	1
go	1
several	1
days	1
on	1
one	1
charge.	1
I	1
think	1
I	1
can	1
make	1
it	1
fit	1
with	1
a	1
little	1
help	1
from	1
my	1
dremel.	1
This	1
one	1
is	1
so	1
clear	1
that	1
my	1
husband	1
and	1
I	1
both	1
use	1
it	1
and	1
so	1
does	1
our	1
son.	1
I	1
called	1
the	1
iHome	1
customer	1
support	1
center	1
and	1
they	1
claimed	1
that	1
there	1
is	1
not	1
a	1
remote	1
for	1
the	1
iHome	1
LED	1
color	1
changing	1
system.	1
This	1
was	1
not	1
discussed	1
in	1
the	1
instructions.	1
It	1
is	1
so	1
pretty	1
and	1
I	1
get	1
so	1
many	1
compliments	1
on	1
it.	1
i	1
was	1
wondering	1
if	1
anyone	1
else	1
is	1
having	1
the	1
problem	1
of	1
putting	1
music	1
onto	1
your	1
phone	1
then	1
trying	1
to	1
use	1
that	1
song	1
as	1
your	1
ringtone?	1
The	1
packaging	1
allows	1
for	1
it	1
to	1
be	1
'tried'	1
and	1
resold.	1
The	1
operating	1
system	1
is	1
typical	1
Sony	1
Ericsson.	1
I've	1
only	1
required	1
a	1
BT	1
while	1
driving	1
or	1
doing	1
work	1
around	1
the	1
house	1
so	1
it	1
has	1
delivered	1
what	1
I	1
was	1
expecting.	1
My	1
BlackBerry	1
auto	1
charger	1
came	1
as	1
an	1
original	1
equipment	1
accessory	1
in	1
plain	1
packaging	1
with	1
a	1
RIM/BlackBerry	1
label.	1
It	1
seems	1
to	1
work	1
better	1
if	1
you	1
have	1
the	1
phone	1
flipped	1
open	1
before	1
initiating	1
a	1
command	1
thru	1
the	1
BT	1
headset.	1
I	1
looked	1
at	1
lots	1
of	1
these	1
earpieces	1
and	1
chose	1
this	1
one	1
because	1
of	1
the	1
reviews	1
on	1
it.	1
If	1
it	1
was	1
unlocked,	1
I	1
should	1
have	1
been	1
able	1
to	1
use	1
any	1
SIM	1
card.	1
I	1
bought	1
a	1
couple	1
of	1
Nokia	1
EXT	1
batteries	1
for	1
some	1
other	1
uses	1
in	1
case	1
I	1
dont	1
have	1
time	1
to	1
charge	1
my	1
battery.	1
now	1
that	1
i	1
read	1
some	1
reviews,	1
i	1
am	1
not	1
the	1
first	1
one	1
to	1
have	1
this	1
experience.	1
This	1
case,	1
however,	1
is	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
money.	1
So	1
i'm	1
like	1
"yeah,	1
okay,	1
mabye	1
cause	1
its	1
new,	1
but	1
after	1
i	1
had	1
it	1
for	1
about	1
2	1
weeks	1
i	1
sold	1
it	1
and	1
switched	1
over	1
to	1
t-mobile	1
to	1
go	1
and	1
they	1
are	1
great.	1
One	1
station	1
presets	1
were	1
better	1
the	1
others,	1
but	1
it	1
was	1
not	1
worth	1
the	1
$20.	1
I	1
have	1
now	1
sent	1
the	1
second	1
one	1
back	1
and	1
am	1
in	1
search	1
of	1
a	1
new	1
one.	1
Let	1
me	1
just	1
give	1
you	1
a	1
brief	1
run	1
thru	1
of	1
features,	1
pros	1
and	1
cons.Features1.	1
Now	1
it	1
stays	1
put.	1
Does	1
not	1
really	1
look	1
like	1
a	1
case.	1
It	1
doesn't	1
fit.2.	1
however,	1
now,	1
i	1
forget	1
i	1
even	1
have	1
it	1
on	1
because	1
it's	1
soooo	1
light.	1
The	1
blinking	1
light.	1
I	1
bought	1
it	1
b/c	1
I	1
lost	1
my	1
last	1
bluetooth.	1
I'm	1
not	1
sure	1
if	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
headphone	1
problem	1
or	1
an	1
iPhone	1
issue.	1
NICE,	1
BROKE	1
THE	1
SECOND	1
DAY	1
I	1
HAD	1
IT.	1
I've	1
owned	1
the	1
phone	1
now	1
for	1
4.5	1
months	1
and	1
I'm	1
TIRED	1
of	1
all	1
the	1
freezing	1
up!!	1
I	1
read	1
website	1
reviews	1
and	1
everything.	1
But	1
damn,	1
this	1
phone	1
has	1
1,000	1
spaces	1
of	1
storage	1
+	1
250	1
with	1
the	1
SIM	1
which	1
is	1
included.	1
It	1
is	1
THE	1
WORST	1
phone	1
I	1
have	1
ever	1
owned.	1
But	1
all	1
you	1
have	1
to	1
do	1
is	1
plug	1
in	1
the	1
Motorola	1
to	1
the	1
IPOD	1
and	1
you're	1
listening	1
on	1
bluetooth.	1
Ladies	1
and	1
Gentlemen.....	1
I	1
bought	1
this	1
product	1
to	1
go	1
with	1
my	1
jawbone	1
2.	1
and	1
it	1
is	1
GREAT!!	1
The	1
bluetooth	1
enables	1
you	1
to	1
upload	1
pictures	1
or	1
music	1
files	1
to	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
your	1
computer.	1
The	1
instrument	1
totally	1
hangs	1
while	1
saving	1
numbers.	1
The	1
Motorola	1
HS820	1
bluetooth	1
headset	1
was	1
easy	1
to	1
set	1
up	1
and	1
pair	1
with	1
my	1
Razr	1
V3c	1
phone.	1
Received	1
the	1
itemwithin	1
five	1
days	1
of	1
order.	1
Not	1
as	1
far	1
as	1
I	1
was	1
expecting.	1
Jabra	1
C220	1
Stereo	1
Earbuds	1
-	1
2.5mmI	1
love	1
these!	1
I	1
highly	1
recommend	1
it!	1
So	1
I'm	1
keeping	1
the	1
gel	1
eartips	1
(not	1
this	1
item)	1
and	1
throwing	1
out	1
these	1
foam	1
ones.	1
It	1
has	1
kept	1
us	1
from	1
losing	1
the	1
stylus	1
many	1
times.	1
Yes	1
you	1
can	1
select	1
the	1
phone	1
speaker	1
soft	1
button,	1
but	1
often	1
the	1
display	1
has	1
gone	1
blank	1
and	1
the	1
keypad	1
is	1
showing.	1
This	1
program	1
is	1
not	1
friendly	1
with	1
Lotus	1
Notes,	1
especially	1
where	1
repeating	1
calendar	1
entries	1
exist.	1
The	1
calender	1
and	1
alarms	1
have	1
done	1
wonders	1
for	1
helping	1
me	1
get	1
more	1
organized.	1
Almost	1
all	1
phone	1
types	1
are	1
supported.	1
from	1
the	1
headphones)	1
the	1
audio	1
would	1
drop	1
out	1
constantly.	1
Similar	1
problems.I've	1
had	1
much	1
better	1
success	1
with	1
Scala	1
and	1
Bluespoon	1
headsets.	1
It	1
works	1
well	1
with	1
my	1
nokia	1
phone.	1
Better	1
than	1
having	1
to	1
put	1
an	1
earpiece	1
in	1
your	1
ear,	1
and	1
the	1
quality	1
and	1
loudness	1
of	1
tone	1
is	1
better	1
than	1
my	1
cellphone	1
when	1
I	1
have	1
it	1
to	1
my	1
ear!	1
No	1
problems.	1
It	1
works	1
fine	1
and	1
my	1
phone	1
doesn't	1
fall	1
out	1
of	1
the	1
case.	1
Inbound	1
sound	1
is	1
very	1
good	1
and	1
I	1
haven't	1
had	1
any	1
problems	1
with	1
people	1
on	1
the	1
other	1
end	1
saying	1
they	1
can't	1
hear	1
me.	1
It	1
has	1
clear	1
sound	1
even	1
in	1
low	1
signal	1
situations	1
and	1
the	1
speakerphone	1
is	1
excellent.The	1
camera	1
is	1
adequate	1
but	1
not	1
stellar.	1
I	1
can't	1
seem	1
to	1
get	1
him	1
to	1
put	1
one	1
of	1
these	1
'new	1
fangled	1
things'	1
on	1
his	1
ear.	1
AHORA	1
PUEDO	1
ESCUCHAR	1
TODA	1
LA	1
MUSICA	1
DE	1
MI	1
SONY	1
ERICCSON	1
EN	1
CUALQUIER	1
EQUIPO	1
DE	1
SOLIDO,	1
EN	1
EL	1
CARRO,	1
EN	1
LA	1
SALA	1
DE	1
MI	1
CASA,	1
DONDE	1
CUALQUIER	1
AMIGO.	1
It	1
just	1
won't	1
hold	1
up	1
to	1
a	1
lot	1
of	1
use.	1
So	1
I	1
figure	1
it	1
perfect	1
deal.	1
It's	1
great	1
and	1
does	1
what	1
its	1
suppose	1
to	1
do	1
protect	1
your	1
phone.P.S	1
Disappointing.	1
You	1
might	1
also	1
note	1
Sony	1
products	1
are	1
excellent	1
but	1
it	1
may	1
be	1
not	1
compatible	1
with	1
Window	1
7.	1
The	1
keypad	1
is	1
a	1
little	1
confusing	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
soon	1
enough,	1
you'll	1
get	1
the	1
hang	1
of	1
it.	1
I	1
got	1
this	1
phone	1
when	1
it	1
first	1
came	1
out	1
and	1
paid	1
full	1
price	1
at	1
the	1
sprint	1
store.	1
The	1
operating	1
system	1
and	1
user	1
interface	1
are	1
both	1
good	1
and	1
operate	1
well,	1
the	1
user	1
interface	1
in	1
particular	1
is	1
very	1
user-friendly	1
and	1
intuitive.	1
I	1
feel	1
that	1
this	1
is	1
a	1
great	1
product	1
and	1
a	1
great	1
price.	1
When	1
not	1
in	1
use,	1
a	1
firm	1
cover	1
flips	1
over	1
the	1
screen,	1
keeping	1
it	1
safe	1
even	1
when	1
it's	1
dropped	1
down	1
in	1
my	1
bag,	1
or	1
clipped	1
to	1
my	1
hip.	1
Let	1
me	1
WARN	1
you.	1
But	1
no	1
standard	1
2.5	1
mm	1
plug.	1
I	1
have	1
had	1
other	1
phones(all	1
Nokias)that	1
did	1
not	1
have	1
all	1
the	1
bells	1
and	1
whistles	1
of	1
this	1
phone,	1
but	1
I	1
actually	1
received	1
phone	1
calls.	1
),	1
it	1
started	1
making	1
my	1
screen	1
flash	1
and	1
the	1
phone	1
to	1
make	1
beeping	1
noises,	1
like	1
it	1
was	1
being	1
shorted	1
out.Threw	1
the	1
thing	1
right	1
in	1
the	1
trash	1
can.	1
The	1
LG	1
VX8500	1
Chocolate	1
is	1
a	1
sleek	1
looking	1
phone,	1
however,	1
that	1
may	1
be	1
the	1
only	1
upside	1
to	1
this	1
utterly	1
unreliable	1
device.	1
It	1
protects	1
the	1
phone	1
from	1
damage,	1
is	1
easily	1
removed,	1
and	1
does	1
not	1
slide	1
out	1
unintentionally.	1
They	1
will	1
replace	1
your	1
phone.The	1
biggest	1
negative	1
is	1
the	1
camera	1
button.	1
Didn't	1
work	1
with	1
TM506.	1
Looks	1
great	1
too!!	1
Great	1
Bargain.	1
What	1
pisses	1
me	1
off	1
the	1
most	1
is	1
that	1
you	1
can	1
not	1
down	1
load	1
your	1
pictures	1
from	1
the	1
phone	1
without	1
buying	1
even	1
more	1
crap	1
from	1
Motorola.	1
Too	1
bad	1
,	1
not	1
worth	1
it.	1
The	1
first	1
one	1
seemed	1
fine	1
at	1
first,	1
but	1
then	1
I	1
slowly	1
began	1
getting	1
complaints	1
that	1
I	1
sounded	1
muffled.	1
Good	1
that	1
Motorola	1
realized	1
the	1
need.	1
The	1
vibrating	1
funtion	1
is	1
equally	1
underpowered	1
and	1
virtually	1
useless.	1
Kept	1
Their	1
Promises..	1
Everything	1
was	1
as	1
expected.	1
always	1
looking	1
for	1
an	1
easy	1
hustle	1
free	1
transaction.	1
I	1
don't	1
talk	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
3	1
hours	1
a	1
day,	1
but	1
I	1
do	1
use	1
the	1
internet	1
functions	1
to	1
check	1
on	1
news	1
and	1
sports.	1
Fill	1
the	1
powerXtender	1
with	1
rechargeable	1
batteries	1
and	1
check	1
iGo's	1
website	1
for	1
the	1
correct	1
tips	1
and	1
you're	1
ready	1
to	1
travel	1
lighter	1
and	1
smarter.	1
I	1
called	1
customer	1
service	1
and	1
they	1
said	1
that	1
sometimes	1
the	1
gold	1
connectors	1
need	1
to	1
be	1
rubbed	1
with	1
a	1
lint-free	1
cloth.	1
I	1
thank	1
God	1
my	1
contract	1
will	1
be	1
up	1
soon.	1
Battery	1
life	1
is	1
amazing,	1
still	1
using	1
the	1
same	1
ones	1
that	1
came	1
with	1
the	1
unit.BUY	1
BUY	1
BUY	1
its	1
that	1
great!	1
This	1
phone	1
isn't	1
all	1
that	1
great.	1
Lives	1
up	1
to	1
all	1
the	1
expected	1
demands.	1
I	1
did	1
notice	1
that	1
it	1
said	1
&#34;Made	1
in	1
China&#34;	1
on	1
the	1
package,	1
which	1
is	1
never	1
a	1
good	1
sign.	1
All	1
I	1
have	1
to	1
compare	1
this	1
product	1
with	1
is	1
the	1
Motorolla	1
H500	1
so	1
when	1
comparing	1
the	1
two,	1
the	1
Jabra	1
is	1
hands	1
free	1
the	1
best	1
product!	1
It	1
was	1
well	1
worth	1
getting.	1
It	1
is	1
not	1
just	1
me,	1
3	1
people	1
in	1
my	1
office	1
have	1
this	1
phone,	1
all	1
3	1
freeze.	1
Works	1
Great!.	1
If	1
you	1
like	1
for	1
people	1
to	1
hear	1
you	1
when	1
you	1
talk	1
don't	1
buy	1
this	1
product!	1
The	1
first	1
thing	1
I'll	1
mention	1
is	1
the	1
blatant	1
lie	1
in	1
the	1
product	1
description.	1
After	1
months	1
of	1
searching,	1
I	1
finally	1
found	1
accessories	1
that	1
I	1
had	1
almost	1
given	1
up	1
hope	1
of	1
ever	1
securing	1
for	1
my	1
Jornada	1
720.	1
This	1
product	1
WORKS!.	1
We	1
wanted	1
to	1
be	1
able	1
to	1
contact	1
them.	1
When	1
I	1
bought	1
the	1
Lenmar	1
CBD366	1
via	1
Amazon,	1
it	1
arrived	1
in	1
Lenmar	1
packaging	1
and	1
was	1
rated	1
at	1
600mAh.	1
you	1
don't	1
have	1
to	1
have	1
be	1
near	1
a	1
wifi	1
hot	1
spot	1
to	1
get	1
broadband	1
speed.	1
Also,	1
to	1
access	1
the	1
mp3	1
you	1
need	1
to	1
install	1
a	1
special	1
card	1
of	1
some	1
sort.	1
Not	1
spectacular.	1
Because	1
leaving	1
it	1
in	1
my	1
ear	1
was	1
chancy	1
at	1
best,	1
I	1
used	1
the	1
provided	1
over-ear	1
clip.	1
nice	1
garbage....literally.	1
Connection	1
problems.	1
After	1
two	1
days	1
of	1
use,	1
one	1
of	1
the	1
audio	1
channels	1
(right,	1
I	1
think)	1
has	1
cut	1
out	1
completely.	1
But	1
that	1
i	1
can	1
sell	1
it	1
and	1
make	1
my	1
money.	1
What	1
warranty?.	1
Like	1
I	1
said,	1
the	1
design	1
is	1
great.The	1
hardware	1
is	1
not	1
so	1
good.	1
They	1
promised	1
that	1
they	1
are	1
reviewing	1
the	1
possibility	1
of	1
providing	1
a	1
software	1
update	1
for	1
the	1
V710	1
that	1
will	1
re-enable	1
the	1
file	1
transfer	1
capability.	1
Found	1
one	1
here	1
thru	1
Eforcity.	1
The	1
screen	1
on	1
my	1
phone	1
said	1
"Not	1
Charging".	1
This	1
is	1
my	1
4th	1
Samsung	1
cell	1
phone	1
with	1
T-Mobile.	1
great	1
company.	1
The	1
"call"	1
and	1
"hang-up"	1
keys	1
are	1
now	1
properly	1
backlit	1
so	1
that	1
it	1
is	1
possible	1
to	1
see	1
them	1
at	1
night.4.	1
Hopefully	1
the	1
Kyocera	1
will	1
be	1
better!	1
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ hdfs dfs -ls /user/cloudera
Found 7 items
-rw-r--r--   1 cloudera cloudera     984565 2021-07-05 11:55 /user/cloudera/Amazon_text_dataset
-rw-r--r--   1 cloudera cloudera         81 2021-07-04 03:34 /user/cloudera/test_file
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-04 03:46 /user/cloudera/wc_output01
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-04 04:20 /user/cloudera/wc_output02
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-04 04:31 /user/cloudera/wc_output03
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-05 12:11 /user/cloudera/wc_output04
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-05 21:14 /user/cloudera/wc_output05
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ hadoop jar /usr/lib/hadoop-mapreduce/hadoop-streaming.jar -file /home/cloudera/mapper.py /home/cloudera/reducer.py -mapper "python mapper.py" -reducer "python reducer.py" -input /user/cloudera/Amazon_text_dataset -output /user/cloudera/wc_output06
21/07/05 21:27:06 WARN streaming.StreamJob: -file option is deprecated, please use generic option -files instead.
packageJobJar: [/home/cloudera/mapper.py, /home/cloudera/reducer.py] [/usr/lib/hadoop-mapreduce/hadoop-streaming-2.6.0-cdh5.4.0.jar] /tmp/streamjob1814686975718669666.jar tmpDir=null
21/07/05 21:27:15 INFO client.RMProxy: Connecting to ResourceManager at /0.0.0.0:8032
21/07/05 21:27:19 INFO client.RMProxy: Connecting to ResourceManager at /0.0.0.0:8032
21/07/05 21:27:23 INFO mapred.FileInputFormat: Total input paths to process : 1
21/07/05 21:27:23 INFO mapreduce.JobSubmitter: number of splits:2
21/07/05 21:27:24 INFO mapreduce.JobSubmitter: Submitting tokens for job: job_1625542583719_0002
21/07/05 21:27:27 INFO impl.YarnClientImpl: Submitted application application_1625542583719_0002
21/07/05 21:27:27 INFO mapreduce.Job: The url to track the job: http://quickstart.cloudera:8088/proxy/application_1625542583719_0002/
21/07/05 21:27:27 INFO mapreduce.Job: Running job: job_1625542583719_0002
21/07/05 21:28:07 INFO mapreduce.Job: Job job_1625542583719_0002 running in uber mode : false
21/07/05 21:28:07 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 0% reduce 0%
21/07/05 21:28:49 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 18% reduce 0%
21/07/05 21:28:51 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 44% reduce 0%
21/07/05 21:28:53 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 60% reduce 0%
21/07/05 21:28:54 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 67% reduce 0%
21/07/05 21:28:58 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 100% reduce 0%
21/07/05 21:29:27 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 100% reduce 77%
21/07/05 21:29:30 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 100% reduce 100%
21/07/05 21:29:31 INFO mapreduce.Job: Job job_1625542583719_0002 completed successfully
21/07/05 21:29:32 INFO mapreduce.Job: Counters: 49
	File System Counters
		FILE: Number of bytes read=1693573
		FILE: Number of bytes written=3728548
		FILE: Number of read operations=0
		FILE: Number of large read operations=0
		FILE: Number of write operations=0
		HDFS: Number of bytes read=988133
		HDFS: Number of bytes written=191772
		HDFS: Number of read operations=9
		HDFS: Number of large read operations=0
		HDFS: Number of write operations=2
	Job Counters 
		Launched map tasks=2
		Launched reduce tasks=1
		Data-local map tasks=2
		Total time spent by all maps in occupied slots (ms)=95995
		Total time spent by all reduces in occupied slots (ms)=27754
		Total time spent by all map tasks (ms)=95995
		Total time spent by all reduce tasks (ms)=27754
		Total vcore-seconds taken by all map tasks=95995
		Total vcore-seconds taken by all reduce tasks=27754
		Total megabyte-seconds taken by all map tasks=98298880
		Total megabyte-seconds taken by all reduce tasks=28420096
	Map-Reduce Framework
		Map input records=15004
		Map output records=180753
		Map output bytes=1332061
		Map output materialized bytes=1693579
		Input split bytes=234
		Combine input records=0
		Combine output records=0
		Reduce input groups=18818
		Reduce shuffle bytes=1693579
		Reduce input records=180753
		Reduce output records=18818
		Spilled Records=361506
		Shuffled Maps =2
		Failed Shuffles=0
		Merged Map outputs=2
		GC time elapsed (ms)=923
		CPU time spent (ms)=9430
		Physical memory (bytes) snapshot=550928384
		Virtual memory (bytes) snapshot=4511481856
		Total committed heap usage (bytes)=312680448
	Shuffle Errors
		BAD_ID=0
		CONNECTION=0
		IO_ERROR=0
		WRONG_LENGTH=0
		WRONG_MAP=0
		WRONG_REDUCE=0
	File Input Format Counters 
		Bytes Read=987899
	File Output Format Counters 
		Bytes Written=191772
21/07/05 21:29:32 INFO streaming.StreamJob: Output directory: /user/cloudera/wc_output06
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ hdfs dfs -ls /user/cloudera
Found 8 items
-rw-r--r--   1 cloudera cloudera     984565 2021-07-05 11:55 /user/cloudera/Amazon_text_dataset
-rw-r--r--   1 cloudera cloudera         81 2021-07-04 03:34 /user/cloudera/test_file
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-04 03:46 /user/cloudera/wc_output01
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-04 04:20 /user/cloudera/wc_output02
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-04 04:31 /user/cloudera/wc_output03
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-05 12:11 /user/cloudera/wc_output04
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-05 21:14 /user/cloudera/wc_output05
drwxr-xr-x   - cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-05 21:29 /user/cloudera/wc_output06
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ hdfs dfs -ls /user/cloudera/wc_output06
Found 2 items
-rw-r--r--   1 cloudera cloudera          0 2021-07-05 21:29 /user/cloudera/wc_output06/_SUCCESS
-rw-r--r--   1 cloudera cloudera     191772 2021-07-05 21:29 /user/cloudera/wc_output06/part-00000
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ hdfs dfs -cat /user/cloudera/wc_output06/part*
!	17
!!	4
!!!	2
!!!!!	1
!!!!!.	1
!!!.	1
!!.	1
!$$$	1
!,	1
!.	5
!...I	1
!...ridiculous,	1
!1)	1
!1.	1
!2.	1
!At	1
!BURN	1
!Do	1
!GONNA	1
!Gonna	1
!Hope	1
!I	2
!I've	1
!If	1
!Muhammad	1
!Of	1
!Phones	1
!Removed	1
!So	1
!T-mobile	1
!The	1
!Unlike	1
!We	1
!Wish	1
!Works	1
!great	1
"	1
"(Unlimited)No	1
"*Restrictions	1
"...mand".	1
"0	1
"1.2"	1
"6"	1
"7"	1
"A1	1
"Aside	1
"Body	1
"Call	1
"Call"	1
"Charging	1
"Clear"	1
"Command	1
"Desktop	1
"Did	1
"Direct	1
"Eforcity".	1
"Exit".How	1
"Finally!	1
"GETTING	1
"Good	1
"Happy	1
"Hello"	1
"Home"	1
"I	3
"I've	1
"Insert	1
"Just	1
"LG"	1
"Laptop	1
"Mom,	1
"New	1
"Noise	2
"Not	3
"OEM"	2
"Owner	1
"PUK	1
"Play	1
"Please	3
"Potentially	1
"Private"	1
"R"	1
"Replacement	1
"S"	1
"SF	1
"Simone"	1
"Skype	1
"Smart"	1
"Star	1
"T-mobile".	1
"The	1
"Their	1
"USB	1
"Ultimate	1
"Update,	1
"Upstages	1
"VIBE	2
"VoiceCommand"	1
"W"	1
"We	3
"Well	1
"What?!?	1
"What?"	1
"Whoa	1
"Your	1
"add	1
"adjust"	1
"adjustments".	1
"ahhhs"	1
"airy"	1
"an	1
"annoying	1
"answer"	1
"are	1
"auto	1
"back"	1
"backlighting"	1
"band"	1
"barely	1
"behind-the-head"	1
"betrayed"	1
"brand	1
"browser"	1
"buck-tooth".	1
"bulky".	1
"call"	1
"casually	1
"class,"	1
"click"	2
"clicky."	1
"clip"	1
"connects"	1
"continental").	1
"customer	1
"customized"	1
"defective"	1
"designer"	1
"digit	1
"direct	1
"doesn't	1
"drafts".	1
"dropped"	1
"emergencies"	1
"emergency	1
"empty"	1
"engineer"	1
"factory	1
"fee".	1
"feels"	1
"fill	1
"flash";	1
"flex"	1
"free"	1
"freezing	1
"geeky"	1
"gel"	1
"handling	1
"hands	3
"hang-up"	1
"hardcore	1
"heavy	1
"hell"	1
"hello-hello?	1
"hey,	1
"high	1
"hissing"	2
"holes"	1
"hook"	1
"i've	1
"iPaq	1
"in	1
"in"	1
"inconvenience".	1
"injection"	1
"intended"	1
"it	1
"it's	1
"knowledge	1
"leather"	1
"lemons"	1
"lifetime	1
"limited".	1
"loop".	1
"low	1
"made	1
"manner	1
"mid"	1
"military	1
"monster"	1
"multidapt"	1
"my	1
"network	1
"new	1
"new"	7
"new".	1
"no	1
"noise	1
"not	2
"obnoxious	1
"off"	1
"ok"	1
"on	1
"on"	4
"one	2
"ooohs"	1
"other"	1
"out	1
"pay	3
"phone"	2
"play	1
"poor	1
"pop"	1
"product'	1
"quite	1
"real	1
"real"	2
"reception"	1
"remain	1
"return	1
"return"	1
"send	1
"sexy"	1
"shield"	1
"skin"	1
"skin."	1
"small"	1
"snags"	1
"snippet."	1
"so-so".	1
"sold"	1
"some"	1
"speakerphone"	1
"special"	1
"squeege"	1
"squeegee"	1
"stereo"	1
"sucker"	1
"suit"	1
"sunk	1
"suppose"	1
"sweet	1
"tech	1
"the	1
"they	2
"tinny.".	1
"too	1
"tried"	1
"tunnel"	1
"unknown	1
"unlocked"	2
"unlocked".	1
"unlockedcellphonekings"	1
"upgraded"	2
"usually	2
"vibrate"	1
"voice	1
"voice-call"	1
"we	1
"what	1
"what?"	1
"when	3
"worst	1
"wow	1
"yeah,	1
"you-had-to-be-there!"	1
#	5
#&(&^$#(.	1
#1	2
#2	2
#3.	1
#7.2.	1
$	1
$$	2
$$$	2
$$$$....	1
$$$.	2
$.	1
$.../month	1
$.01.	1
$0,	1
$0.00	1
$0.00.	1
$1-2	1
$1.	1
$1.27	1
$1.49.	1
$1.99	1
$10	9
$10!	1
$10.	1
$100	5
$100+	1
$100-200	1
$109	1
$11.	1
$112	1
$118	1
$12	1
$120	3
$13	2
$14	1
$14.99	1
$14.99.	1
$15	2
$15.	3
$150	1
$150.00.	1
$16	2
$175	1
$18	2
$2	3
$2.00	1
$2.97	1
$2.98shippingNew	1
$2.99	1
$20	14
$20,	2
$20.	4
$20.00	2
$20.00);	1
$200	2
$200.	1
$21.00	1
$24.99	1
$240	1
$240.	1
$25	2
$25+,	1
$25.	1
$25.-	1
$25.00,	1
$260	1
$269),	1
$270	1
$29,	1
$29.95	1
$29.99	1
$3	2
$3)	1
$3.	2
$3.08	1
$30	2
$30,	1
$30.	1
$30.00	1
$300	2
$300's	1
$300.00.	1
$30USD	1
$31.99.	1
$35	3
$350	1
$39!.	1
$39.99+tax	1
$4	1
$4.	1
$4.45	1
$4.45,	1
$4.99	1
$40	6
$40!	1
$40)	1
$40.	1
$40.00	1
$400	1
$400.00!	1
$44.	1
$449	1
$49.00	2
$49.95	1
$49.99	1
$5	8
$5+S/H,	1
$5,	1
$5-	1
$5.00	1
$5.00.	1
$5.96	1
$5/month	1
$50	8
$50,	1
$50.	1
$50.00	1
$50.00.	1
$500	1
$59.	1
$6	2
$6.	2
$6.00	1
$6.50	1
$60	1
$600,	1
$64.64	1
$65	2
$7	1
$7)	1
$7,	1
$7.	1
$7.44,	1
$70.	1
$75	1
$79.00.	1
$8.00	1
$8.50	1
$80	2
$80.00.	1
$800	2
$88	1
$89.00	1
$9.	1
$9.95	1
$99.	1
$99.99!SO	1
$Pocket!!.	1
$[...].	1
%	1
%100	1
&	62
&#34;Made	1
&#34;NEW&#34;	1
&amp;	2
&lt;$40	1
&lt;WARNING>	1
&lt;WARNING>I	1
&quot;All	1
&quot;Good	1
&quot;blood	1
&quot;buyer	1
&quot;case&quot;	1
&quot;cell-phone&quot;	1
&quot;cheap&quot;	1
&quot;cheasy&quot;,	1
&quot;chinsy&quot;	1
&quot;conventional&quot;	1
&quot;dial	1
&quot;drop	1
&quot;hands-free&quot;.	1
&quot;it	1
&quot;pin	1
&quot;solution&quot;	1
&quot;special&quot;	1
'	1
'04	1
'05.	1
'07.	1
'Bluetooth'	2
'Bulk'	1
'Devices'7.	1
'Generic	1
'Hassel	1
'Motorola	1
'OK'13.	1
'Plantronics	2
'Plantronics'	1
'Think	1
'Visible'	1
'bars',	1
'berry	1
'breaking	1
'cause	1
'clip	1
'default'	1
'end'	1
'error	1
'extra'	1
'final	1
'good	1
'good'	1
'hands-free'?!	1
'hanging	1
'harmonics'	1
'hello'	1
'in	1
'insert	1
'leather'	1
'little'	1
'loud'	2
'low	1
'low'	2
'm	1
'new	1
'new'	1
'official'	1
'problem'	1
'reboot'.It	1
'refer	2
's	1
'snap'	1
'soft'	1
'tried'	1
'unable	1
'wind'	1
(	10
($250.00)	1
($42	1
($70-$100)	1
(*)	1
(...)	1
(...).	1
(1	3
(1)	1
(1.3	1
(10	1
(10/10)Better	1
(100m)	1
(12	1
(1800mAh).	1
(2	1
(2)	1
(2).	1
(2005),	1
(2169011).	1
(23	1
(25	1
(29318GE1)	1
(2MP).	1
(3	1
(4-5	1
(4.5	1
(4S)	1
(5	2
(5.x).	1
(5/5).	1
(60	1
(64MB	1
(8	1
(8300)	1
(9/10)On	1
(?)	1
(AC)	1
(AT&T;	1
(AT&T;)	1
(ATT)	1
(Alias)	1
(Although	1
(Amazon	1
(And	1
(As	2
(Battery	1
(Black)Connection	1
(But	3
(Callers	1
(Catch	1
(Cellink	1
(Cingular	1
(Cingular)	3
(DON'T	1
(Dell	1
(During	1
(E.g.,	1
(Edit.	1
(EnV).	1
(Get	1
(Good	1
(H371	1
(HiFi)3.	1
(I	26
(I've	1
(If	2
(Is	1
(It	1
(JX10	1
(Jawbone)	1
(Jet	1
(Krusell	1
(LG	2
(LG's,	1
(LG,	1
(Like	1
(MMS),	1
(MP3s	1
(May'12)	1
(Motorola	3
(My	1
(N82,	1
(NET10).	1
(NO	1
(Nickel)	1
(Not	2
(OS	2
(One	1
(Over	1
(PUSH	1
(Palm	1
(Picture	1
(Plantronics	1
(Possibly	1
(Power	1
(Razr)	1
(Refurbished)	1
(SLVR),	1
(SP4)	1
(Samsung	3
(Samsung,	1
(Skype).	1
(So	1
(Sony	2
(Sprint)	1
(T-Mobile	1
(THis	1
(That	1
(That's	1
(The	7
(This	1
(Time	1
(Too	2
(Turns	1
(Upgraded	1
(V3c	1
(Verizon	1
(Which	1
(Who	1
(Wish	1
(Works	1
(XP	1
(You	3
(Zero)	1
([...])	1
(a	6
(about	4
(according	2
(actually	1
(actually,	1
(adjusting	1
(after	2
(again	1
(again,	1
(aka	1
(almost	1
(also	2
(although	2
(and	20
(approx	1
(are	1
(as	6
(at	8
(based	1
(bass,	1
(bb	1
(because	1
(besides	1
(black	1
(both	1
(business	1
(but	8
(called	1
(can	2
(cases	1
(cingular)	1
(cmd-C,	1
(coaxial?)	1
(commonly	1
(computer,	1
(connect	1
(cuz	1
(day,	1
(default)	1
(didn't	3
(dies)	1
(direct	1
(directly	1
(ditto).	1
(dumb	1
(e.g.	1
(e.g.,	2
(ear	1
(either	1
(esp.	1
(even	2
(except	1
(excessive).	1
(exterior)	1
(f)	1
(first	1
(flip	1
(for	7
(from	3
(g)	1
(give	1
(go	1
(got	1
(granted	1
(greater	1
(h)	1
(had	1
(has	1
(highly	3
(holding	1
(hook	1
(hopefully	1
(hopefully)	1
(how???)	1
(huge)	1
(i	2
(i'm	1
(i)	1
(i.e.	3
(iMac,	1
(ie.	1
(if	5
(in	6
(inside	1
(into	1
(ipaq	1
(irda).	1
(it	5
(it's	1
(just	4
(knock	1
(kudos	1
(left,	1
(length	1
(less	1
(like	6
(literaly)	1
(lol)-->	1
(longer	1
(lowest	1
(made	1
(magic).	1
(meaning	1
(mine	1
(more	1
(most	1
(my	1
(naturally)	1
(needs	1
(never	2
(new	1
(new)	1
(news,	1
(no	3
(no,	2
(nokia	2
(none	1
(not	16
(note	1
(now	1
(now!)	1
(ok,	1
(on	1
(one	3
(only	2
(or	11
(otherwise	1
(out	1
(outside)	1
(paid	1
(paid)	1
(painful)	1
(paired	1
(part	1
(phone	1
(physically)	1
(pics!!)	1
(pics,	1
(price	1
(privately	1
(probably	1
(prove	1
(read	1
(reading	1
(require	1
(retail).	1
(right,	1
(ringtones,	1
(same	1
(sanyo	1
(screen	1
(see	1
(separate)	1
(seriously!	1
(several	1
(she	1
(side	1
(since	1
(sleek	1
(slight	1
(small	1
(so	3
(standard	1
(starts	1
(such	2
(talk)	1
(thank	1
(thanks	1
(that	1
(thats	1
(the	11
(they	4
(thicker	1
(this	3
(though	3
(thru	1
(to	1
(top	1
(transmit)	1
(turning	1
(two	1
(under	1
(unless	1
(up,	1
(update).	1
(using	2
(v1.15g),	1
(v5.5	1
(value	1
(very	2
(very)	1
(voice	1
(went	1
(what	1
(when	1
(which	19
(while	1
(who	1
(windows	1
(with	2
(without	3
(wood)	1
(works	1
(yes	1
(yes,	1
(yesterday)	1
(you	4
)	1
)*	1
),	8
)-	1
).	2
)Back	1
)Cingular-	1
)Got	1
)I	1
)I've	1
)K	1
)My	1
)One	2
)Setup	2
)So	1
)The	5
)There	1
)This	2
)To	1
)Yes,	1
*	10
*"supports	1
***	2
***update***	1
**Give	1
**I	1
*Charging	1
*Drop	1
*NEW*	1
*The	2
*When	1
*While	1
*and*	1
*any*	1
*but*	1
*does	1
*does*	1
*just*	1
*might*	1
*ok*	1
*push*	1
*still*	1
*very*	1
+	14
,	18
,,,plsss	1
,Buy	1
,Great	1
,I	1
,envio	1
,you	1
-	277
--	38
---	3
--Its	1
--LG	1
--even	1
--just	1
--no	1
--twice	1
-.	1
-0-	1
-1	1
-1)	1
-1.	1
-102,	1
-88,	1
-89	1
-92,	1
->	1
-first	1
-hate	1
-it's	1
-pairs	1
-shoulda	1
-ve	1
.	19
..	2
...	14
....	3
....+-ADT	1
.....	1
....ok	1
...I	1
...Is	1
...buyer	1
...i	1
...the	1
.10/min.	1
.18/min	1
.342.	1
.5	2
.9	1
.I	1
.i	1
.ics	1
.it	1
.the	1
/	18
/30/50/100	1
/upgrading	1
0	507
0,	1
0-1	1
0-2,	1
0.	2
0/5	1
00332)	1
02	1
06	2
07	1
08.	1
093744	1
1	570
1)	3
1,	1
1,000	1
1,200	1
1,500	1
1-10meters.	1
1-2	3
1-2'	1
1-2-3.	1
1-5	1
1-800-201-7575	1
1-Star	1
1-Year	1
1-year	1
1.	4
1.1	1
1.2	1
1.2.	1
1.2MP,	1
1.3	4
1.300	2
1.3Mpixel,	1
1.5	4
1.5mm	1
1.6.	1
1/16"	1
1/16th	1
1/19/09.	1
1/2	11
1/22/09.	1
1/3	1
1/7th	1
1/8"	1
10	44
10!.	1
10%	1
10-15	3
10-5-05	1
10.	1
10.4).	1
10.4,	1
100	13
100%	3
100+	1
100.00	1
1000%	1
1000mAh	2
100K;	1
105-key	1
10:00pm)6-	1
10x	1
11	3
11,	1
11/26/04	1
11/26/09,	1
1100	1
1100mAH	1
1100mAh.	1
11mb,	1
12	16
12-13	1
12/06.	1
120	1
121	1
128	1
128K	1
128MB	1
128k	1
12V	1
12v	1
13	3
13.	2
13.04.	1
1300	1
1301's	1
14	6
15	26
15(well	1
15-20	1
15-30'.	1
15-yr	1
15.	1
150.00	1
15th	1
16	2
17.	1
172x220	1
18	10
1800BeHoly!	1
181	1
19-year	1
19.95.	1
1900.	1
1945	1
1955	1
1999	1
1GB	2
1st	9
1x,	1
2	204
2"	1
2'	1
2)	6
2+	1
2,	6
2-3	8
2-3x	1
2-5	1
2-step	1
2-way	2
2-year	1
2.	10
2...just	1
2.0	4
2.0+	1
2.0,	1
2.5	7
2.5.	1
2.50	1
2.5mm	12
2.5mmI	1
2.The	1
2/11/10.	1
20	17
20's.	1
20,	1
20-2481	1
20-30	2
200	4
200.	1
2000	2
2000!.	1
2002	1
2002.	1
2003	1
2003.	3
2004.	1
2005	3
2005,	1
2005.	1
2005....	1
2005.Pro's,1.	1
2006	2
2006,	1
2006.	2
2007".	1
2007,	1
2007.	5
2008	2
2008)5.	1
2008.	1
2008Update	1
200mhz	1
2011	1
2012When	1
20912	1
2125	1
2160	1
22	1
22,	1
225)	1
2255.	1
22:00	1
22nd	1
23	1
24	16
24$,	1
24-30	1
24-36	1
24.99	1
24/7	1
24/7.	1
2400mAh	1
25	4
25"	1
250	2
250,	2
250.	1
250v	3
25K	1
25th	1
26th.	1
27	1
27.	1
2700	2
29.99	1
299.00	1
2MB	1
2MP,	1
2X	1
2gb	2
2mb	1
2nd	14
2to3	1
2x	1
2x,	1
3	132
3!)	1
3,	1
3,000	1
3-4	6
3-5	3
3-E315	1
3-full	1
3-in-1	2
3-pin	1
3-to-4.5	1
3-watt	1
3-year	1
3.	4
3.0	1
3.0.	1
3.5	7
3.5mm	7
3.6	1
3.7V,	2
3/27	1
3/5	1
30	31
30%	1
30+	1
30,	1
30-40	1
30-foot	1
30-minute	1
30.	1
300	2
300+	1
300.	2
303$	1
3035	1
3035.	1
305	1
30mins	1
30secs!2)Freezes.	1
3125	1
31st.	1
32	5
320	4
320.	2
320.NEXT...	1
320K	1
3220	1
3220.	1
325	1
325.	1
32Kbps.	1
33	1
330	3
330.	3
335,	1
3360	1
3390	1
3390)	1
340	1
35	2
350	1
3588i,	1
3595.	1
36	1
360	3
360.	1
3650	2
3650.	3
375	1
38718	1
3D	2
3G	3
3G/OS	1
3GS.	3
3VM.	1
3gp,	1
3gs.	3
3o	1
3rd	14
3rd,	1
3rd.	1
3x	1
4	96
4!	1
4+	2
4,	1
4-5	3
4-7	1
4-8	1
4.	5
4.0	4
4.2	1
4.3	1
4.5	2
4.5oz)I	1
4.x	1
4/5	1
40	3
40.00	1
400	3
400$	1
40ft	1
411	1
44	1
45	3
45mph.	1
47,000	1
48	1
4900	2
4920	1
4G	1
4GB	1
4The	1
4X	2
4gig	1
4s,	1
4th	7
4x	1
4x.	1
5	93
5'10".	1
5(of	1
5)	1
5*	1
5+	1
5+.....	1
5,	1
5-10	1
5-6	1
5-Stars,	1
5-star	3
5-year	1
5.	5
5....	1
5.00	1
5.95	1
5.I	1
5/5	1
50	6
50$	1
50%	5
50/50	2
500	3
500,	1
500.	2
5020	1
50x	1
510	25
510's!	1
510,	2
510-USB	1
510.	6
510slplus	1
512mb	1
517-887-5856	1
520	1
5300	1
5320.	1
550	1
551	1
55520	1
590a	1
5D	1
5Mpixels,	1
5bar...but	1
5th	5
6	43
6'	2
6+years	1
6-8	2
6.	1
6.0	2
6/11/2004	1
60	3
60%	4
600	11
600.	1
600....it	1
600/650	3
600mAH	1
600mAh	1
600mAh.	1
6010	1
6030	1
6061	1
6080	1
60gb.	1
61.3%*!	1
610/616.	1
6100.	1
6101	1
6101,	1
6101.	1
6102	1
6102,	1
6103.	3
6131	1
6160	1
6165i.	1
6200	1
6205	1
6210	1
6210;	1
6225,	1
6225.	1
6230	2
6233	1
6310i	1
6315	1
640	5
640,	2
640-by-480	1
645	1
645,	1
64k	1
64mb.	1
65	1
65%	1
650	28
650!	1
650),	1
650,	5
650,but	1
650.	9
6515"	1
655	2
6555	1
6600	3
6600.	1
665	2
6650	1
6700	1
680	4
680.	2
6800	1
6800.	1
690	1
7	21
7-10	2
7-11's	1
7-11.	1
7-8	1
7.	2
7....	1
7.99	1
70	3
700	8
700,	1
700.	1
700P	1
700P.	2
700p	2
700p)	1
700p,	1
700p.	2
700w	4
700w,	1
700w.	2
700wx	2
700wx,	1
700wxphone	1
7050	1
70MB	1
71,	1
7100	2
7100.	2
7100t	2
72	1
720	2
720.	1
720i,	1
720mAh.	2
7250,	1
75%	1
75-80%	1
750	2
750.	1
755p	1
755p.	2
7962	1
7:00	1
7inch	1
7xx	1
8	19
8-10	3
8.	1
80	2
80%	2
80%-90%	1
80.00	1
800	1
800i	2
8100	2
8100.	2
810i	1
8125.	3
8130	1
8130.	1
820	2
8200	1
8200.	1
8260	1
8260.	1
8290	2
83%	1
8300.	1
8320	1
8330	1
8330.	1
850	4
850/900/1800/19005.	1
8525	6
8525.	3
8530	1
8550	1
86	1
8610	1
8700	2
8700.	3
8700C.	1
8700c.	1
8700g	1
8703,	1
88.1-90.1.	1
880	1
8800	1
8801)	1
8801.	1
8920,	1
8940...I	1
8:00	3
8GB	1
8MB	1
8gb	1
8th	2
9	7
9,	1
9-1-1	1
9.2)	1
9/19/06	1
90	6
90%	2
90-degree	1
900	1
910,	1
9100,	1
9100.	1
910a.	1
911	1
920	1
925	1
96-112KBps	1
975	2
975.	1
99	1
99%	2
9month	1
9q.	1
:(	3
:(.	3
:)	7
:).	3
:)1.	1
:-(	1
:-(.	3
:-).	1
:-)Oh,	1
:0.	1
:1.	1
;	1
;-)	1
;^)	1
=	8
>50%	1
>>>>	1
?	2
?!	1
??	1
???	2
?My	1
@	3
@#$%	1
@...	1
A	140
A**.	1
A-950	1
A/C	3
A1200.	1
A120s	1
A210	2
A210.	1
A2DP.	1
A43	1
A460	1
A500	1
A640.	1
A670	1
A680	1
A767	1
A900.	3
A920	1
A990	1
AA	3
AAA	2
ABOUT	1
ABSOLUTE	2
ABSOLUTELY	1
AC	13
AC/DC	2
ACCESSORIES	2
ACE	1
ACESSORIES.	1
ADAPTERS.	1
ADDITIONAL	2
ADDVERTISED	1
AFTER	6
AFTERTRYING	1
AFter	1
AGAIN.	3
AGAINST	2
AGGIE	1
AGGRAVATING!	1
AGO.	1
AHORA	1
AIM	2
AIM.	1
AIN'T!I	1
ALARM	1
ALL	6
ALL.	1
ALMOST	3
ALOT.	2
ALPHA	1
ALSO,	1
ALWAYS	4
AM	5
AMAZING	1
AMAZON	6
AMAZON!	1
AMAZON's	1
AMAZON,	1
AMERICA	1
AMIGO.	1
AMOLED	1
AMP	1
AN	1
AND	23
AND,	1
ANOTHER	1
ANTENNA	1
ANTONLINE.COM.	1
ANY	7
ANYONE	1
ANYTHING	2
ANYWHERE!	1
APARCE	1
APPLY)when	1
ARE	7
AREA	2
ARGUING	1
AS	4
ASAP,	1
ASAP.Just	1
ASUS	1
AT	4
AT&T	9
AT&T!	1
AT&T).	1
AT&T.	3
AT&T;	19
AT&T;,	1
AT&amp;T	1
AT&amp;T,	1
AT&amp;T,Nokia	1
ATT	3
ATT,	2
ATT.	1
ATTACHABLE	1
ATTACHED	1
ATTRACTIVE	1
AUSTRALIA.thanks.	1
AUX.JUAN	1
AVOID	1
AWARE!!!	1
AWAY	1
AWESOME	2
AWESOME!	2
AWESOME.	1
AWFUL.	1
AWSOME	1
Able	1
Abound!.	1
About	7
Absolutel	1
Absolutely	8
Accessories	2
Accessories"	1
Accessories.It's	1
Accessory	2
AccessoryOne.	2
Accessoryone.	1
Accidently,	1
Accomplish	1
Accord.	1
According	1
Ace	2
Acess.	1
Acoustibuds	1
Act	2
Activation	1
Active	1
ActiveSync	2
Actually	1
Actually,	3
Adapter	6
Adapter.	4
Adaptor.	2
Add	1
Additionally,	1
Address	5
Adds	1
Administrator	1
Adobe	1
Adorable	1
Adorable,	1
Ads.I	1
Advertised!.	1
Advertised.	1
Advertisements	1
Affordable	2
Africa	1
After	126
Afterwards	2
Again	1
Again,	6
Ah	1
Alabama	1
Ali	1
Aliph	3
All	69
All.	2
All...	1
Allow	1
Allows	2
Alltel	1
Alltel.	1
Almost	13
Alot	1
Alright,	1
Alright.	1
Also	22
Also,	48
Alternative	1
Alternatives.	1
Although	17
Althought	1
Always	4
Am	4
Amaizing	1
Amaozons	1
Amaze,	1
Amazing	4
Amazing,	1
Amazon	101
Amazon!	4
Amazon!!	1
Amazon's	2
Amazon's.	1
Amazon)	1
Amazon,	11
Amazon.	28
Amazon.Com	1
Amazon.Com.	1
Amazon.It	1
Amazon.com	4
Amazon.com,	2
Amazon.com.	1
Amazons	1
America	1
America.	1
American	2
Amp	1
Amplifier.	1
Amps	1
An	13
And	99
And,	3
Android	1
Andy's	1
Angeles	1
Angles	1
Angry	1
Another	10
Ant	3
Antenna	3
Antenna,	1
Anti-Glares	1
Antonio	1
Any	5
Anyone	3
Anything	2
Anyway,	1
Anyways,	1
Apart	2
Apparently	4
Apparently,	3
Appearence	1
Appears	4
Apple	7
Apple's	2
Apple.	1
Apply"	1
April	2
April.	1
Aquos	1
Are	7
Armband	1
Armor	1
Armor.	1
Around	1
Around.	1
Arrival.	1
Arrived	6
Articles.	1
As	76
Asason.	1
Asia	1
Asia.	1
Aside	4
Ask	1
Asked	1
Assessory	1
Assistance.	1
At	28
At&t	2
Atlanta.	1
Att	1
Attaches	1
Attractive	1
Attractive.	1
Audio	11
Audio.	1
Audiovox	6
Audiovox,	1
Aug	1
August	4
August,	1
Australia?	1
Authentic	1
Average	1
Average.	1
Avoid	7
Avoid!.	1
Awaiting	1
Away	1
Away.	1
Awesome	10
Awesome!.	1
Awful	4
Awful,	1
Awkward	1
Awsome	1
Axim	2
Axim.	1
B	4
B)	1
BA-SUPERTOOTH3	1
BABYVIEW20	1
BACK!!!!!!!!!!!	1
BACK.	1
BAD	6
BAD.	2
BAD:-	1
BARGAINCELL.	1
BATTERIES.	1
BATTERY	3
BATTERY!	1
BATTERY.	2
BATTERYMOTOROLA	1
BB	6
BBB	1
BE	5
BEEN	1
BEFORE	4
BEING	2
BES	1
BEST	5
BEST!!	1
BEST!!!.	1
BEST!.	1
BEST"	1
BETWEEN	1
BEWARE	1
BEWARE!	2
BEWARE!.	1
BEWARE.	3
BH-200	1
BH-800	3
BIT	1
BL-4C	1
BL-5C	1
BL-5c-original	1
BL-6C	1
BLACK	2
BLACKBERRY	1
BLACKBERRY!Buyer	1
BLD-3	1
BLD-3.	1
BLD-3R	2
BLUE	1
BLUEANT	1
BLUETEOOTH	1
BLUETOOTH	2
BMW	1
BMW.	1
BOMB!!!!.	1
BOOST	1
BOTH	1
BOUGHT	1
BOXWAVE!.	1
BR50	5
BRAND	1
BREAKS	1
BROKE	2
BROKE!!	1
BROKE!!!!.	1
BROKED	1
BROKEN	1
BS	1
BST-33	1
BT	36
BT)	1
BT-110,	1
BT.	1
BT250	2
BT250V	3
BT250V.	1
BT250v	2
BT320s.	2
BT350	2
BT50	3
BT500	2
BT5020	3
BT51	1
BT620.	1
BT620s	2
BT800	1
BT8010	1
BTW,	2
BTs	1
BTv1.1	1
BURN	1
BUT	9
BUT,	1
BUT...The	1
BUTTONS!	1
BUY	34
BUY!	2
BUY!!	1
BUY!!.	2
BUY.	3
BUYER	3
BUYING	1
BUYIT	1
BY	2
Back	5
Backlight	1
Backround	1
Backup	1
Backward.	2
Bad	29
Bad:-	1
Bait	1
Balls,	1
Band	2
Banned	1
Bar	1
Bargain	2
Bargain.	1
Bargain/Quality.	1
BargainCell	1
Bargaincel	1
Bargaincell	1
Bargaincell!.	1
Bargin.	1
Barrons.	1
Bars!.	1
Based	2
Basic	4
Basically	4
Basically,	2
Bass	1
Bass.	1
Batteries	2
Batteries.	1
Battery	60
Battery,	1
Battery.	20
Battey.	1
Bay.	1
Be	17
Beats	1
Beautiful	1
Because	10
Before	6
Before,	1
Being	2
Believe	1
Belkin	6
Belkin!	1
Bell	2
Below	1
Belt	5
Bendable	2
Beside	1
Besides	3
Besides,	3
Best	45
Bet	1
Better	30
Better!.	1
Better.	1
Beware	2
Beware!.	1
Beware,	1
Beware.	3
Beyond	2
Bible	1
Big	11
Biggest	1
Bill	1
Bit	1
Bitpim	1
Black	2
Black)	1
BlackBerries	1
BlackBerry	9
BlackBerry.	1
Blackberry	43
Blackberry,	1
Blackberry.	5
Blackberry."	1
Blackberry...	1
Blackberry8220.	1
BlackberryOS	1
Blackjack	4
Blackjack's.	1
Blackjack.	2
Blackmon	1
Blade)	1
Blazer	1
Bless	2
Blinking	1
Blu-tooth.	1
Blue	17
Blue-tooth	1
Blue/AT&T!.	1
BlueAnt	14
BlueAnt's	1
BlueProton	1
BlueSoliel	1
BlueTooth	3
Blueant	1
Bluedio	2
Bluejay	1
Bluespoon	1
Bluespoon,	1
Bluethooth	1
Bluetooh	1
Bluetooth	132
Bluetooth!.	1
Bluetooth,	4
Bluetooth-capable	1
Bluetooth.	9
Bluetooth...	1
Bluetooths	1
Bluetoth	1
Body	8
Bodyglove/Fellowes.	1
Bond.Minor	1
Book	2
Book.4.	1
Boom	3
Boost	1
Booster,	1
Booster.	2
Booth,	1
Borg	1
Bose	1
Boston	1
Both	16
Bother	1
Bother.	1
Bottom	4
Bought	33
Bought.	2
Box	1
Boxwave	4
Boxwave.	1
Boy	4
Boy,	1
Brand	4
Breaks	3
Bridge.	1
Bright	1
Bright,	1
Bright.	1
Brilliant	1
British	1
Broke	7
Broked	1
Broken	2
Brookline	1
Brookstone	1
Bt350	1
Bug	1
Buggy,	1
Bulk	1
Bulky	1
Bummed	1
Bush,	1
Bush.	1
Business	1
But	136
But,	15
But..	1
But....	1
But......	1
But...the	1
Button	3
Button.3.	1
Buttons	5
Buy	30
Buy!!!.	1
Buy!.	3
Buy.	2
Buyer	13
Buyer--Be	1
Buying	1
By	6
By-the-way,	1
C.	1
C.D.Contos	1
C150,	1
C220	1
C250	2
C332	1
C332,	1
C510	1
CA	2
CA-42	1
CA.	1
CALLER	1
CALLS	2
CAME	1
CAMERA	1
CAN	1
CANCELLED	1
CANNOT	1
CAR	2
CARCAMOEL	1
CARE	1
CAREFUL	2
CARGADOR	1
CARK-120.	1
CARRO,	1
CASA,	1
CASE	2
CASE.	2
CAVEAT	1
CBD366	1
CBR	1
CCM	2
CD	9
CD's	2
CD,	1
CD.	2
CDM9900.	1
CDMA	3
CDMA.	1
CDs	1
CDs,	1
CELL	5
CELLULAR"	1
CELLULAR".	1
CENTRO	1
CHALFONT,	1
CHARGE	2
CHARGER	2
CHARGER.	1
CHARGES	1
CHEAP	2
CHEAP,	2
CHEAP.	2
CHINA,	1
CHINA.	1
CHINESE!!	1
CHOW	1
CHinese	1
CIRCUMSTANCE!!.	1
CISSP	1
CLA-60.	1
CLEAR	2
CLEAR,	1
CLEARLY	2
CLIE.	1
CNTRL	1
COM	1
COM1-Com4).	1
CON	2
CONECTOR.	1
CONNECTION	2
CONS	1
CONTECTA	1
CONTINUE	1
COST	1
COSTLY	1
COULD	1
COVER	1
COVER.	1
COunterfeit	1
CRAP!	2
CRAP!!!!!!	1
CRIPPLED.	1
CROCK!!!!	1
CS-50	1
CS-55	1
CS-55!	1
CS-55.	1
CS361N.	1
CS361N.Hope	1
CS50	2
CS50-SUB	1
CS50-USB	1
CS55	1
CS55.	1
CS55.I	1
CS70N/HL10	1
CU	1
CU500	2
CU500.	1
CUALQUIER	3
Cable	7
Cable,	1
Cable.	6
Cables.	1
Calendar,	1
Calendar.	1
California	2
California.	1
Call	4
Called	4
Calling	1
Calls	4
Calls!!	1
Calls,	1
Calls.	2
Came	1
Camera	10
Camera,	2
Camera/Video	1
Camper"	1
Can	11
Can't	17
Canada	1
Cancelling."	1
Candid	1
Cannot	3
Canon	2
Cant	1
Captivate	1
Capuccino	1
Car	7
Card!	1
Cardo	3
Care	1
Careful	1
Careful!!!!!.	1
Careful.	1
Carol's	1
Carrier	1
Carriers	1
Carry	2
Carrying	3
Cart.I	1
Case	22
Case!!!.	1
Case,	2
Case.	11
Case/Cover	1
Cash	2
Casing	1
Cassette	1
Caveat	1
Cell	28
Cell.	3
CellSuit	1
Cellcom	1
Cellphone	2
Cellphone...	1
Cellular	1
Cellular.	2
Center	1
Centro	3
Certainly	2
Chained	1
Challenged.	1
Chances	1
Charge	7
Charge-DEFECTIVE.	1
Charged	2
Charger	13
Charger"	1
Charger,	1
Charger.	8
Charger..great	1
Chargerwhich	1
Charges	3
Charging	1
Charging"	2
Charging".	1
Charlotte,	1
Chaser.	1
Cheap	15
Cheap,	2
Cheap.	1
Cheaply	4
Check	4
Checked6.	1
Cheep	1
Chevrolet	1
Chevy	1
Chicago	3
Chile,	1
China	3
China&#34;	1
China.	3
Chinese	4
Chocolate	9
Chocolate,	2
Chocolate.In	1
Choice	1
Choice!.	1
Choice.	3
Christmas	3
Christmas!!!!!	1
Christmas)	1
Christmas.	1
Church,	1
Cig	1
Cigerette	1
Cincinnati	1
Cingluar	1
Cingular	77
Cingular's	4
Cingular).	2
Cingular,	6
Cingular.	18
Cingular.The	1
Cingular/AT&T.	2
Cingular/AT&T;	1
Cingulars	1
Cingulars.	1
Circumstance	1
Cisco	1
City	1
City.	1
Claimed	1
Clamshell	1
Clarity	2
Class	1
Classic	2
Classics	1
Clean	1
Clear	9
Clear.	1
Clearly	1
Clearly,	1
Click	6
Climbing	1
Clip	5
Clip.	4
Cliq	1
Close	1
Clunky	1
Coach	1
Coby	4
Columbine	1
Columbus	1
Combo	1
Combo!.	1
Combo.	1
Come	3
Comes	3
Comfort	1
Comfortable	4
Comfortable,	3
Comfortable.	3
Command	1
Command.	1
Commands.	1
Comments	2
Common	1
Communications.	1
Communicator.	1
Community	1
Compact	1
Compact,	1
Compact;	1
Company	1
Compared	2
Comparing	1
Compatibility	1
Compatible	2
Compete	1
Complaints.	1
Complements	1
Complete	2
Compliment	1
Computer.	1
Condition	1
Connect	1
Connected	1
Connecting	1
Connection	2
Connections	1
Connections.	1
Connectivity	2
Connectivity!	1
Connectivity.	1
Connector	1
Connector.	1
Connects	1
Cons	1
Consider	2
Considering	4
Constant	1
Constantly	1
Construction	1
Construction.	1
Consumer	1
Consumers	1
Contacted	1
Contacting	1
Contacts	4
Contemplating	1
Continuously	1
Contract,	1
Contrary	1
Control	1
Controls	1
Convenience!.	1
Converter.	1
Convertibles	1
Convienient	1
Cool	6
Cool,	1
Cool.	1
Cooler/Warmer	1
Copy.	1
Cord	4
Cordless	1
Cos	1
Cost	1
Costs.	1
Costumer	1
Could	9
Could.	1
Couldn't	5
Counterfeit.	1
Couple	1
Cover.	3
Coverage	1
Cracked	1
Cradle.	1
Crap.	1
Crappy	1
Crashed	1
Crashes!,	1
Crazy	1
Creative	6
Credit	1
Crisp	1
Crystal	1
Cumbersome	1
Currently	1
Curve	5
Curve!	1
Curve,	2
Curve.	6
Customer	15
Customizable	1
Cute	3
Cute,	1
Cuts	1
Cyclops.	1
D&G	2
D)	1
D-PAD	1
D620)	1
D807	1
D807,	2
D807.	1
D807...wrongly	1
D900,	1
D;	1
DANGER!	1
DANGER!!!!.	1
DAY	2
DAY.	2
DAYS!!!	1
DAYS.	1
DC	3
DC.	1
DCU-60	1
DE	4
DEAD	1
DEATH	1
DECADE.	1
DECEIVE	1
DECENT,	1
DEFECTIVE	1
DEFINTELY	1
DELIVERY	2
DEMO	1
DESTROY	1
DICE	1
DID	10
DIDN'T	1
DIDNT	1
DIE,	1
DIFFERENT	1
DIFFERENTPOSITIONS	1
DISABLED!!.	1
DISAPPOINTED.	1
DISAPPOINTING	1
DISASTER.	1
DIY.	1
DL-4	1
DL-5	1
DLO	1
DLX.	2
DNA	1
DNL	1
DO	37
DOA.	2
DOES	10
DOESN'T	2
DOESNT	1
DON"T.	1
DON'T	10
DON'T!	1
DONDE	1
DONT	3
DOSEN'T	1
DOWN	2
DRIVING.	1
DROP	1
DROPPED	1
DROVE	1
DS	1
DS6321	1
DSP	2
DTMF	1
DUALphone	1
DURABILITY..THIS	1
Dad	1
Dallas	1
Danger	1
Dangerous	2
Dangit	1
Dante's	1
Dash	2
Dash,	1
Data	10
Dbroth	1
Dead	3
Deal	3
Deal,	1
Deal.	1
Deals.	1
Dealt	1
Dec	2
Decent	4
Decided	1
Dect	2
Deeds	1
Defeats	1
Defective	9
Definitely	7
Definitivamente	1
Degrades	1
Delivered	2
Delivery	4
Dell	5
Delphi	1
Deluxe	1
Denise	1
Depending	1
Depends	2
Description	3
Design	4
Design,	1
Design.	2
Design....	1
Designed.	1
Desktop	2
Despite	3
Development	1
Device	2
Device!.	1
Device,	2
Device.	6
Dialing	1
Did	18
Didn't	19
Didnt	1
Died	1
Dies	1
Different	4
Different.	1
Difficult	2
Digital	4
Direct	4
Dirt	1
Dirty	1
Disapointed	1
Disapointing	1
Disappointed	3
Disappointed!.	2
Disappointed,	1
Disappointed-Not	1
Disappointed.	7
Disappointing	1
Disappointing.	1
Disappointment	1
Disappointment.	2
Disappointment..	1
Disconnected,	1
Disconnects	1
Discovery	3
Disney	2
Display	1
Displeased.	1
Displex	1
Dissapointed.	1
Dissapointing	1
Dissapointing,	1
Do	41
Dock	1
Does	59
Does'nt	1
Doesn't	30
Dog	1
Doing	1
Don't	93
Done	1
Dont	10
Doom	1
Door	1
Dorado	1
Down	2
Download	2
Downloaded	1
Downloading	3
Downsides	1
Drawbacks.	1
Dream	1
Drift	1
Driver	2
Driving	1
Droid	2
Droid.	2
Dropped	5
Drops	3
Dual	1
Dubious	1
Duct	1
Due	1
Duo)4.	1
Duo,	1
DuoCores	1
Durable	1
During	5
Duty	1
E)	1
E-books	1
E105	3
E105,	1
E105.	1
E2	1
E315	3
E317	1
E317.	1
E5C	1
E61i	1
E62	2
E62.	2
E715	1
E715..	1
E815	4
E815)	1
E815.	1
E816	1
EAR	1
EARPIECE	1
EASY.	1
EBAY	1
ECHO	1
EDGE,	1
EDR	1
EFFECTIVE.	1
EITHER.	2
EL	4
EMPTOR	1
EN	4
ENDS	1
ENVIARON	1
ENVIRONMENT,	1
EP	1
EQUIPO	1
ERICCSON	1
ES	3
ESCUCHAR	1
ESPECIALLY	1
ESTE	1
ESTUCHE	1
ESTYLUS	1
ET	1
EVDO.	1
EVEN	1
EVER	4
EVER!!!!!!!!!.	1
EVER!First	1
EVER.	3
EVER..	1
EVERYDAY.	1
EVERYONE	1
EVERYTHING.	1
EXACT	1
EXCEEDINGLY	1
EXCELLENT	2
EXCITED!	1
EXELENTE	2
EXPECT.	1
EXT	1
EXTENDED	1
EXTENSIVE	1
EXTREMELY	4
Each	6
Ear	6
Ear,	1
EarGels	1
EarGels.	1
Earbud	2
Earbuds	1
Earbuds.	1
Eargels.	1
Earglove	2
Earhook	1
Earhook!.	1
Earphones	1
Earpiece	2
Earpiece.	1
Earpieces	2
Ears	1
Earset	3
Earth	1
Ease	1
Easily	2
Easily,	1
Easily.	2
Easy	25
Easy!!.	1
Ecellent	1
Echo	1
Edge	1
Edit,	1
Edsel	1
Eforcity	4
Eforcity.	3
Eh....	1
Ehn....bad	1
Either	5
El	3
Electronic	1
Electronics	3
Elsewhere.	1
Email	2
Emailed	1
Embrassing	1
EnV	1
EnV.	1
English	2
English.	1
Enjoy	1
Enough	1
Enough.	3
Enterprise	1
Entry	2
Env2	1
Equipment	1
Era	1
Era.	1
Eraser	1
Ergonomically	1
Ericcson	2
Ericcson.	1
Ericsson	34
Ericsson.	3
Erricson	2
Erricson's	1
Error,	1
Especially	7
Essential	1
Essentially	2
Eternity)	1
Europe	2
Europe,	1
Europe.	3
European	2
Even	31
Eventhough	1
Events	1
Eventually	3
Eventually,	1
Ever	3
Ever!.	2
Ever.	3
Ever?.	1
Every	16
Everybody	2
Everying,	1
Everyone	5
Everything	16
Everytime	4
Exactly	7
Excel,	1
Excelent	1
Excelente	2
Excellent	63
Excellent!.	2
Excellent,	1
Excellent..	1
Excellent...Excellent	1
Except	2
Exceptional	1
Excesssive	1
Exchange	1
Excited	1
Executive	1
Expected	1
Expected.	2
Expensive	1
Expensive.Full	1
Experience	2
Experience.	1
Experiencing	1
Explorer	6
Explorer220	1
Express	1
Express.	1
Extended	6
External	2
Extra	2
Extremely	7
Eyeballing	1
F***kin	1
F-	1
FACTORY	1
FANTASTIC	1
FANTASTIC!!	1
FANTASTIC!!!!!!!	1
FAR	3
FAR.	1
FEATURES	1
FEELIN	1
FEW	1
FIND	2
FINE.	1
FIRST	4
FIT	4
FITS	1
FL	1
FLATTERED	1
FM	10
FOOLED!	1
FOR	16
FOR!!	1
FOREVER	2
FOREVER!	1
FOTO.ESTE	1
FRANCISCO	1
FREE	4
FREQUENT	1
FRIENDS	1
FROM	6
FROPED	1
FRUSTRATED	1
FRy	1
FULL.	1
FUNCTIONAL.	1
FYI	2
FYI,	1
Fab....	1
Fabrics	1
Faceplate	1
Faceplate!!.	1
Failed"	1
Failed.	1
Failed..	1
Fake!,	1
Fall	1
Falls	1
False	1
Fanny	2
Fantastic	6
Fantastic...for	1
Far	1
Far,	1
Fashionable,	1
Fast	8
FastPort	1
Features	2
Features.	2
February.	1
Felix	1
Fell	2
Fellowes	1
Fellowes.	1
Female	1
Few	1
Fidelity	1
Fido	1
Fill	1
Final	1
Finally	6
Finally,	4
Find	2
Finding	2
Fine	1
Finger	1
Fire	4
Fire.	1
Firefly.	1
First	19
First!!.	1
First,	11
First;	1
Fit	2
Fit!.	3
Fit.	2
Fits	17
Fitted	1
Five	2
Fix.	1
Flash	1
Flash,	1
Flashplayer	1
Flat	1
Flaw?.	1
Flexible	3
Flexicase	2
Flimsy	1
Flip	1
Florida	1
Follow	1
Followed	1
For	63
Force	1
Forcing	1
Ford	1
Forgeries	1
Forget	5
Forgot	1
Fortunately	2
Found	4
Four	3
Fragile	1
France.	2
Frankly	1
Free	4
Free!	1
Free'	1
Free.	1
FreeSpeak	2
Freedom	1
Freezes	1
Freezing.	1
French	2
Freqs	1
Frequently	1
Friday	1
Friday,	2
Friday.	1
Friends	1
From	9
Front	1
Frozen,	1
Frustrated.	1
Frustrating.	1
Fry	1
Fry's	1
Full	1
Fun.	1
Funciona	1
Functional	2
Functional.	1
Functions	1
Fundamental.	1
Funky	1
Furthermore,	1
Fusic	1
Fussy.	1
G3	1
G4	2
GARBAGE.	1
GAVE	1
GB	3
GBU321.	1
GC89	1
GET	5
GET!	1
GET!!!!!	1
GIF	1
GIVE	2
GLAD	1
GLASSES	1
GMC	1
GMail	1
GO	1
GO.	1
GONE!	1
GONE?	1
GOOD	8
GOOD.	2
GOOD:-	1
GOT	4
GPRS	1
GPRS,	1
GPRS/Edge	1
GPS	7
GPS+phone	1
GPS,	2
GPS.	1
GREAT	11
GREAT!	2
GREAT!!	1
GREAT.	1
GREEN	1
GRRRRRRR	1
GSM	8
GSM,	1
GSM-based	1
GT5	1
GX2	1
Gadget	1
Galaxy	8
GalaxySII,	1
Garage	1
Garanimals(tm)	1
Garbage.	1
Garmin	1
Gas	1
Gas....OH!	1
Gateway.	1
Gave	3
Ge	1
Gear	2
Gels.	1
Gen	2
General	1
Generates	1
Generation	1
Generic	1
Gennum	1
Gentlemen.....	1
Genuine	4
Genuine,	1
George	2
Get	20
Get!.	1
Geting	1
Gets	4
Gift!.	1
Gig	1
Gimmee	1
Gingerbread,	1
Given	1
Gizmo	1
Gizmoco	1
Glad	5
Glass	1
Globalizer.	1
Glove	8
Glove!.	1
Glove"	1
Gmail	4
Gmail.	1
Go	9
God	3
Goes	1
Going	3
Good	138
Good!.	1
Good,	3
Good.	1
Goodie.	1
Goodness,	1
Google	1
Google,	1
Gorilla	1
Got	15
Gotta	2
Graffiti	1
Granted	1
Granted,	1
Gray.	1
Great	257
Great!!.	1
Great!.	2
Great,	6
Great.	4
Great..Ignore	1
Greatest	1
Greatly	1
Greed	1
Greyhound	1
Gripe	1
Grips	1
Guantanamo	1
Guess	5
H	2
H3	1
H300.	1
H350	1
H500	13
H500,	1
H500.	7
H670	1
H670,	1
H700	18
H700!	1
H700!.	1
H700),	1
H700,	1
H700.	5
H710	1
H710.	1
H850	1
HAD	3
HAD!!!.	1
HALF	1
HALLELUJAH?	1
HANDSET.	1
HAPPY	1
HAS	1
HATE	3
HATED	1
HATED!!!	1
HAVE	9
HAW!THXS	1
HAWT!	1
HBH-610	1
HD	3
HD2	1
HDTV	1
HDW-3	1
HE	1
HEAD...	1
HEADPHONE	2
HEADSET	3
HEADSET,	1
HEADSET.	2
HECK,	1
HEED	1
HERE	1
HF820	1
HIM	1
HL-10	1
HL10	1
HORRIBLE	7
HORRIBLE!!!!!.	1
HOT	1
HOT!	2
HOUSE!..RECEPTION	1
HOW?.	1
HOWEVER,	1
HOw	1
HP	6
HP's	1
HP,	1
HP.	1
HP6315	1
HS-11W	1
HS-850	1
HS700	1
HS700.	1
HS800	1
HS805,	1
HS810.	1
HS820	5
HS830	1
HS850	14
HS850)	1
HS850.	1
HS850s	1
HT700.	1
HT820	2
HTC	9
HTC"	1
HTC-PPC6800.	1
HTC-S620	1
HTC-S621,	1
HTC-s620	1
HTC.	2
HUGE	2
HUSBAND	1
Had	16
Halen"	1
Half	1
Handango	1
Hands	4
Hands-Free	3
Hands-free	3
Handset	2
Handsfree	2
Handspring	4
Handy	1
Hanging.	1
Hanspring	1
Happy	4
Happy,	1
Happy.	1
Harbor	1
Hard	6
Hardly	1
Has	13
Hasan	1
Hassel	1
Hate	2
Have	15
Have.	2
Haven't	4
Having	9
He	13
He's	1
Head	3
Headphone	4
Headphone.	1
Headphones	1
Headphones!!!.	1
Headphones,	1
Headphones.	2
Headset	43
Headset!!!.	1
Headset!!.	1
Headset!.	1
Headset"	1
Headset)	1
Headset,	2
Headset.	30
Headset...	1
Headsetfor	1
Headsets,	1
Headsets.	1
Hear	1
Heard	2
Heatset	1
Heavy	1
Heck,	1
Height	1
Hell.	1
Hello	2
Helmet	2
Help.	1
Helpful	1
Hematite	1
Hence,	2
Her	2
Here	5
Here's	5
Here.	1
Hesitant	1
Hey,	1
Hi,	1
Hi,I	3
Hi-tech,	1
HiFi	1
HiI	1
Hiccup	1
Hidden	1
High	7
Highly	11
Hight	1
Highway	1
Higly	1
Hign	1
His	2
Hit	1
Hit.	1
Hmmmm...	1
Hmpfh	1
Hold	2
Holder!.	1
Holder.	1
Holding	1
Holds	2
Holiday	1
Hologram	1
Holster	4
Holster.	2
Holy	1
Home	2
Honda	2
Honduras,	1
Honduras.	1
Hong	1
Hook	1
Hooked	1
Hope	4
Hopefully	4
Hopefully,	1
Hoping	1
Horrible	7
Horrible,	1
Horrible.	1
Hot-sync	1
HotSync	3
HotSync.	1
House.	1
How	18
However	11
However,	57
However-the	1
Huge	1
Hum,	1
Husband	2
Hype	1
Hype,	1
I	5803
I'M	3
I'VE	1
I'd	59
I'll	40
I'm	273
I've	311
I)	2
I-86)	1
I-Pod.	1
I-pod	1
I.	2
I.e.,	1
I/M	1
I530	1
I530-AWEFUL!!!!.	1
I?	1
ID	4
ID!!!	1
IE.	1
IF	8
II	12
II.	1
II.I	1
III	3
III!	1
IM	1
IMHO.	1
IMMEDIATELY	1
IMO,	1
IMO.	1
IMPOSSIBLE	1
IN	10
INCLUDED.	1
INTERFERES,	1
INTO	1
INVEST	1
IOGear	1
ION	1
IP	2
IPAQ	2
IPAQ.	1
IPAQs	1
IPHONE	1
IPOD	4
IPhone	2
IPod	2
IPod.	1
IQ	1
IR,	1
IS	18
IS!	1
IS2000	1
ISkin	1
IT	21
IT!	1
IT!!).	1
IT!.	1
IT'S	1
IT,	1
IT.	3
ITCC	1
ITEM	3
ITEM.	1
ITS	1
IU3.5RC	1
Iam	2
Icon	1
Id	1
Idea	1
Idea.	1
If	216
Igo	3
Ihome	1
Im	6
Imagine	1
Immanuels	1
Impressed	1
Impressed.	1
Impressive	1
Impressive.	2
Improper	1
Improvement.	2
In	84
Inbound	1
Included	1
Includes	1
Including	1
Incoming	2
Incompatible	2
Inconvenient.	1
Incredible	2
Incredible!.	1
Incredible.	1
Incredibly	1
Indeed,	1
Indeed.	1
Indiana.	1
Individuality	1
Indoors,	1
Inet	2
Inexpensive	2
Inexpensive,	1
Inferior	1
Info	1
Info"	1
Information	1
Initially	3
Initially,	1
Inn.	1
Insanely	1
Insert	1
Inside	2
Instalaci&oacute;n	1
Installed	1
Installing	3
Installing..	1
Instant	2
Instead	3
Instead,	5
Instead.	2
Instrument	1
Integrated	1
Intercom.	1
International	2
Internet	7
Internet,	6
Internet.	1
Interphone	1
Interstate	1
Interstate,	1
Interstate.	1
Intuitive	1
Invest	1
InvisibleShield	1
Ion	4
Ipad	1
Iphone	4
Iphone.	2
Ipod	5
Ipod,	1
Ipod.	2
Ipod???	1
Ipods.	1
IrDA	1
Is	9
Ishtar!.	1
Isn't	1
It	779
It!!!!.	1
It'll	1
It's	179
It(the	1
It.	2
It......Color	1
Itchiness	1
Item	15
Item!.	1
Item.	4
Items	3
Its	39
Itunes	1
Iused	1
Ive	4
Iwould	1
J&R	1
J.D.	1
JAB	1
JABRA	1
JAVOScreen	2
JAwbone	1
JCPenney	1
JERKS	1
JOB.	1
JTH940	1
JUNK	1
JUNK!.	1
JUST	3
JX-10	1
JX10	2
JX10.	1
Ja-Blah	1
Jaba	1
Jabra	60
Jabra,	1
Jabra.	4
Jabra350	1
Jabras	1
Jack.	1
James	1
Jan	2
Janky,	1
January	3
Japan	2
Japan.	1
Japanese	1
Jasco,	1
Java	3
Jawbone	28
Jawbone's	1
Jawbone.	2
Jawbone...	1
Jawbones	1
Jensen	1
Jersey	1
Jesus,	1
Jimmy.	1
JoWow.	1
Job	1
Jornada	2
July	5
June	5
June,	1
Junk!.	2
Junk.	1
Just	46
K	1
K.	1
K1	6
K1M	1
K1M....	1
K1m	5
K1m.	2
K612	1
K750i	1
K790a	1
K800i).	1
K9	2
K9.	2
KEEP	1
KEY,	1
KIT	1
KNOW	2
KRAZR	1
KRZR	15
KRZR.	1
KS,	1
KX13	1
KX16	1
KX160.	1
KX21	1
Kaiser.This	1
Kangaroo.	1
Kapudt.There	1
Karaoke	1
Katana	5
Katana,	1
Katana.	1
Keep	8
Keeping	1
Keeps	3
Kensington	1
Kept	3
Key	1
Keyboard'11.	1
Keyboard.	3
Kids,	1
Kind	1
Kinda	1
Kindle	5
Kit	4
Kodak	1
Kong	1
Korean	1
Krazr,	1
Krusell	2
Krusell-W810i.	1
Krussel	2
Krussel.	1
Kryocera	1
Krzr	2
Kyocera	4
L	1
L1400	1
L2).	1
L2.	1
L6	1
L6.	1
L7	1
L7.	1
L7...	1
L7C's	1
L7c	1
L7c...	1
LA	3
LAST	1
LAST.	1
LCD	12
LED	10
LEDs	2
LEMON.	1
LESS	1
LET	1
LG	60
LG's	2
LG).	1
LG,	2
LG.	2
LG225	1
LG6000	1
LG7200	1
LG8100	2
LG8100.	1
LGVX8300.	1
LI-ION	1
LIGHT	1
LIGHT.	1
LIGHTER	1
LIHGT	1
LIKE	2
LIKED	1
LISTED	1
LITERALLY	1
LITTLE	1
LOCKED,	1
LOL	1
LONG.	1
LONGER	1
LOOK	1
LOOKING	1
LOOKS	2
LOONG	1
LOOSES	1
LOST	1
LOT	2
LOT!!	1
LOT.3)Just	1
LOT2.	1
LOTS	1
LOVE	11
LOW	3
LTE	1
Label	1
Lack	1
Lacks	1
Ladies	1
Lake	1
Lambskin	1
Lame.As	1
Lands	1
Language	2
Lansing,Michigan.	1
Lanyard	1
Lanyard.	1
Large	2
Last	1
Last.	1
Lasted	2
Lastly	1
Lastly,	1
Lasts	1
Late	1
Lately	3
Later	1
Later,	1
Later....	1
Latitude	1
Learning	2
Leather	8
Leather,	1
Leather.	1
Leave	1
Left	3
Lemon.	1
Lenmar	4
Leopard	1
Less	1
Let	7
Let's	4
Lets	2
Levana	1
Level.	1
Li	1
Li-Ion	2
Li-Ion,	1
Life	2
Life,	1
Life.	1
Lifter.	1
Light	9
Light(STL)	1
Lighter	2
Lightweight	3
Like	15
Limited	3
Limited/no	1
Linked	1
Linksys	2
Linux.	1
Listed	1
Lite	1
Lite.	1
Lithium	4
Lithium-Ion	1
Little	5
Live.	1
Lives	2
Lo	1
LoL...	1
Loads	1
Locate	1
Locks	1
Logitech	8
Logitech)	1
Logitech,	1
Logo	1
Long	3
Long,	1
Longer	1
Look	9
Look,	1
Looked	1
Looking	3
Looks	16
Looney	1
Lord,	1
Los	2
Loses	1
Lost	2
Lots	4
Lotus	1
Loud	3
Loud.	1
Lousy	3
Love	21
Loves	1
Low	7
Lower	1
Lowest	1
Lucent,	1
Lucious	1
Luck	1
Luckally	1
Luckily	6
Luckily,	1
Lucky....I	1
Luddite.	1
M	2
M.	1
M.D.	1
M1(Sprint).	1
M1).	1
M100	1
M500	2
M510	1
M610	1
MADE	2
MAGENTA	1
MAH	1
MAIN	1
MAKE	1
MAKING	1
MARKET.	1
MARYLAN,	1
MAYBE	2
MAYBE.	1
MB	1
MB)	1
MBs).	1
MBytes	1
MDA	1
MDA.	2
ME	5
MEETING,	1
MESSAGE	1
MHA100	1
MHz	1
MI	2
MICROPHONEWORKS	1
MILE	1
MILSPEC	1
MINI	1
MINUTES	2
MODEL	1
MONEY	4
MONEY!!!	1
MONEY!Sigh...where	1
MONEY.	1
MONSTER	1
MOTO	2
MOTOROA	1
MOTOROKR	2
MOTOROLA	6
MOTOROLLER	1
MOTOROLO	1
MOVING	1
MP	2
MP,	1
MP3	36
MP3's	1
MP3,	1
MP3s	6
MP3s,	1
MPEG4	1
MPG	1
MPx220	1
MS	4
MSN	1
MUCH	5
MUSICA	1
MUST	2
MUST!!!	1
MUTE	1
MX150	3
MY	12
Mac	6
Mac!	1
Mac!!.	1
Mac).	1
Mac,	2
Mac.	2
Mac.I	1
Mac/PC	1
Macs	2
Made	3
Made,	1
Made.	3
Magical	1
Magnetic	1
Magnets	2
Mahalo	1
Main	1
Make	7
Makes	7
Male	1
Manual	1
Manufacturers	1
Manufacturing.	1
Many	10
Maps	1
Maps.	1
Mar	1
March	3
Marginal	1
Market,	1
Market.	1
Master	1
Match	1
Matches	1
Mate	1
Material	2
Materially	1
Matters.	1
May	3
Maybe	19
Me	2
Me,	1
Me.	1
Meanwhile	1
Mechanical	1
Media	3
Mediocre	2
Meet	1
Mejor	1
Members	1
Memo,	1
Memory	4
Menu	2
Menu,	1
Menus.	1
Merry	1
Message	1
Message"".9."	1
Message.	1
Messaging	3
Messaging,	1
Messaging7.	1
Metal	1
Metro	1
Mexico.	1
Mic	3
MicroSD	1
Microphone	3
Microscopic	1
Microsft	1
Microsoft	6
Microsoft's	1
Microsoft,	1
Microwave	1
Might	2
Mighty.	1
Miller	1
Mind	2
Mine	12
Mini	3
Mini/Micro	1
Minimalistic.	1
Minivan.	1
Minnesota	1
Minor	2
Minutes.	1
Misdescriptive.	1
Misleading,	1
Misleading.	1
Misrepresentation	1
Mobile	19
Mobile's	1
Mobile.	4
Mobile...Windows	1
MobileESPN	2
Mobiledia.com	1
Mobility	1
Model	1
Moisture	1
Mole	1
Mom,	1
Monday!	1
Money-sucking	1
Money.	5
Monoural	1
Monster	5
Monthly	1
Months.	1
Montorola	1
More	9
More.	1
Moreover,	1
Most	25
Mother	1
Moto	17
Moto's	2
Moto?...	1
Motorals	1
Motorcycle	1
Motorla	1
Motorola	260
Motorola!.	1
Motorola's	10
Motorola).	1
Motorola,	5
Motorola.	15
Motorola..	1
Motorola?)	1
MotorolaH500,	1
Motorolas	2
Motorolas,	1
Motorolas.	1
Motorolla	3
Motorrola	1
Mouse	1
Mouse.	1
Mp3	2
Mp3.	1
Mr.	1
Much	6
Muddy,	1
MultiMedia	1
Multidapt	2
Multidapt.	1
Multimedia	2
Multiple	1
Multipoint	2
Music	5
MusicTones	1
Must	5
Mute	1
Mx00	1
My	201
MyNetDeals	1
Myself	1
Mystuff>Games&Apps>Digital	1
N-Gage	1
N7000	2
N71,	1
N73)	1
N75	3
N80	1
N800	6
N800,	1
N8002.	1
N82	1
N90	1
N95	1
N95,	1
NARROW	1
NASTY	1
NEED	2
NEEDS	1
NEGATIVE	1
NERO	1
NET	1
NEVER	7
NEW	6
NEW.	1
NEWS	1
NEXT	2
NEXTEL	3
NEXTEL.	2
NICE	1
NICE,	1
NIL.	1
NO	15
NO!	1
NOISE	1
NOISY	1
NOKIA	8
NONE	2
NOT	117
NOT.	1
NOTHING	3
NOTHING!I	1
NOW!!	1
NOW"	1
NUVI	1
NV	1
NX6000	1
NYC	1
NYC,	1
Nano	1
Nano.	1
National	1
Natually	1
Navigation	2
Navigation.	1
NeandrathalSprint	1
Need	4
Needed	2
Needed.	2
Needless	7
Negs...I	1
Neither	4
Nero	1
Net	1
Network.	1
Nevada	1
Never	13
Never,	1
Nevermind	1
New	10
New!.	1
New.	1
Next	3
Nextel	10
Nextel!	1
Nextel's	3
Nextel.	3
Nexus	1
Ngage	1
Ngage....that	1
NiMH	1
Nice	51
Nice!.	1
Nice.	2
Nicole	1
Nightmare	1
Nintendo	1
NiteIze	1
No	105
No,	3
Nobody	1
Noise	1
Noizefree	1
Nokai	1
Nokia	114
Nokia".	1
Nokia's	4
Nokia).	1
Nokia,	6
Nokia.	4
Nokias)that	1
Non	1
Non-Color	1
Non-standard	2
None	9
Nook.	1
Nope,	2
North	1
Not	182
Note	8
Note,	1
Note.	1
Note2	1
Note;	1
Notes,	1
Nothing	16
Nov.	1
Novatel	1
November	3
Now	41
Now,	11
Nseries	1
Nseries.	1
Nuff	1
Number	1
Nuvi).	1
O	5
O.K.	1
OBSEQUIARON	1
OEM	30
OEM,	1
OEM.	4
OEM..	1
OF	9
OFF	1
OFF!!!!!!	1
OFF.	1
OK	17
OK),	1
OK,	4
OK.	5
OK...and	1
OK...to	1
OLDER	1
OMFG...Thanks	1
OMG	1
OMG,	1
ON	5
ON,	1
ONE	5
ONLY	10
ONTO	1
OPEN!	1
OPENED	1
OR	3
OR,	1
ORDER	1
ORDERING.	1
OS	12
OS).	1
OS.	2
OSX	1
OTHER	1
OTHERS	1
OUR	2
OUT	2
OUTDATED..	1
OUTWEIGH	1
OVERWHELMINGLY	1
OWNED.	1
Obtained	1
Obviously	5
Obviously,	1
Occassionally	1
Occassionally,	1
Oct	1
October	2
October.	3
Octorber.	1
Of	22
Office	2
Office)	1
Often	3
Oh	4
Oh,	6
Ohio.	1
Ok	2
Ok,	4
Okay	1
Okay,	4
Oklahoma	1
Old	2
Omni	1
On	23
On/Off	1
Once	28
One	35
One--not	1
One-touch	1
One.	1
OneStopWirelesshop	1
Online.	1
Only	37
Onwing	1
Opened	1
Openings	1
Opinion.	1
Options	1
Or	8
Or,	1
Orange	1
Order	2
Order.	1
Ordered	7
Ordinary	1
Original	6
Originally	1
Other	24
Others	1
Otherwise	5
Otherwise,	9
Our	2
Out	3
Outlook	7
Outlook,	2
Outlook.	2
Outlook.-	1
Outlook.3.	1
Outside	3
Outside.	1
Outstanding	3
Over	3
Overall	28
Overall,	23
Overly	1
Owned.	1
P-O-S.	1
P.D.A.	1
PACKAGE	1
PAIRING.	1
PALM	2
PANTECH	1
PARA	3
PARTICULAR	2
PATHETIC	1
PAY	1
PAYING	1
PC	22
PC'4.	1
PC,	1
PC.	6
PCMonde!	1
PCS	4
PCS.	1
PDA	20
PDA's	1
PDA,	4
PDA.	10
PDA..	1
PDA/Phones.	1
PDA/cell	1
PDA/organizer.	1
PDA/smartphone	1
PDANet	1
PDAs	1
PDAs.	2
PDAs/Smartphones.	1
PEBL	1
PEBL,	2
PEBL.	1
PEEEAACCEEE	1
PERFECT.	1
PERFECT...it	1
PERFORMS	1
PHILADELPHIA.	1
PHONE	16
PHONE!	2
PHONE!!!	2
PHONE!!!!	1
PHONE!!!!!!!!.	1
PHONE!.	2
PHONE!So	1
PHONE,	1
PHONE,,,,LOOKED	1
PHONE-BLACK.	1
PHONE.	10
PHONE..	1
PHONE/MUSIC	1
PHONE:My	1
PHONES	4
PHONES!!	1
PICTURE	1
PIECE	3
PINK	1
PLAYER/CAMERA!!!!	1
PLAYERThe	1
PLEASE,	1
PLEASED	1
PLT	1
PLT.	1
PLUS	1
PLYMOUTH	1
PLantronics	1
PM	2
PM-325	1
PM-325.	1
PM325,	1
PM8200	2
PM8200,	1
PN-215.	1
PN-820	1
POP-PORT	1
PORT	1
POS.	1
PPC	2
PPT	1
PR.	1
PRE.	1
PRETTY	1
PRICE!	1
PRICE.	1
PRIDE	1
PROBLEM!!	1
PROBLEMS!!	1
PRODUCT	5
PRODUCT!	1
PRODUCT!!!!	1
PRODUCT!!!!!	1
PRODUCT.	5
PRODUCTAND	1
PRODUCTO.	1
PROGUARD	1
PROJECT	1
PROMPT	1
PROS	1
PROTECTION.	1
PS3	4
PS3,	2
PS3.	7
PS3?	1
PUEDO	1
PURCHASE	2
PURCHASED	1
Pacific	1
Pack	1
Pack.	1
Pack/Cell	1
Packaged]	1
Packaging	1
Packaging'	1
Pad	2
Pad.	1
Paid	1
Painful	1
Pair	2
Paired	2
Pairing	3
Pairing.	1
Palm	69
Palm's	2
Palm-brand	1
Palm.	4
Palm/Handspring	1
PalmOS	1
PalmOne	3
PalmOne!	1
PalmOne,	1
Palms	1
Panasonic	2
Panasonic.	1
Panel	1
Pantech	1
Pantronics	1
Parcel	1
Parrot	1
Parrot,	1
Pass	1
Passat.	1
Pastic	1
Patel	1
Pay	1
Paying	1
Peace	1
Pearl	7
Pearl's	1
Pearl.	3
Pebl.	1
Peformance	1
Penabled	1
People	18
Perfect	17
Perfect!.	1
Perfect,	1
Perfect.	3
Perfectly!.	1
Performance	1
Performance,	1
Performance.	4
Performed	1
Perhaps	3
Personality.	1
Pest	1
Phone	87
Phone!!!!!.	1
Phone!!.	1
Phone!.	1
Phone's	1
Phone,	10
Phone-	1
Phone-Great	1
Phone-Volume	1
Phone.	26
Phone..	1
Phone.....!.	1
Phone....BUT....	1
PhoneTools	1
Phonebook	1
Phones	2
Phones".	1
Phones.	2
Photo	1
Pic	1
Pick	1
Picked	2
Picky	1
Picture.	1
Piece	5
Pieces	1
Pilot	2
Pilots	1
Pink	2
Pitiful	1
Placed	1
Placing	1
Plaintronics	1
Plan	2
Planet	2
Planet".	1
Plans	1
Plantronic	6
Plantronic's	1
Plantronics	72
Plantronics!	1
Plantronics)	1
Plantronics.	5
Plantronincs	2
Plastic	2
Platinium,	1
Platinum	2
Platnium	1
Platronics	2
Play	1
PlayStation	1
Playback.	1
Player	1
Player.	2
Playstation	1
Please	10
Pleased.	1
Plenty	2
Plug	2
Plug'	1
Plug'.	1
Plug.	2
Plus	10
Plus,	13
Plusar	1
Pocket	3
PocketMac,	1
PocketPC	2
PocketPc	1
Points	1
Poor	35
Poorly	9
Pop3	1
Popcorn.	1
Port	1
Portable	2
Portland	1
Possibly	2
Post-Its	1
Postal	1
Posted	1
Pouch	1
Pouch--emphasis	1
Pouch.	1
Power	5
Power.	1
PowerBook	1
Powershot	1
Pre!.	1
Pre,	1
Precious....	1
Premium	1
Press	5
Pretty	16
Pretty....	1
Prevent	1
Previously	1
Price	7
Price.	8
Priced	3
Pringles	1
Print	1
Printed	1
Prior	3
Prism	1
Prius)	1
Pro	2
Pro.	1
Probably	3
Problem	2
Problem....Very	1
Problems	4
Problems.	3
Produce	1
Product	31
Product!	2
Product!.	2
Product,	5
Product--Highly	1
Product.	18
Product..	1
Product?.	1
Products!!.	1
Professional	2
Professional.	1
Professionall.	1
Programming	1
Project.	1
Promises	1
Promises.	1
Promises..	1
Pros	3
Pros:-Good	1
Pros:Fantastic	1
Protect	2
Protection	1
Protection.	1
Protective	1
Protectors	1
Protects	2
Proves	1
Provides	2
Purchase	1
Purchase.	3
Purchased	8
Push	1
Put	2
Q	18
Q!.	1
Q's	3
Q,	1
QUADBAND	1
QUE	2
QUITE	1
QWERTY	2
Quad	1
Quad-band	1
Quality	14
Quality,	2
Quality.	14
Quallcom	1
Que	1
Quick	1
Quickly	1
Quicktime's	1
Quit	1
Quite	1
R	1
R&D;	1
R280LX.	1
RADIOPLAY	1
RATE	1
RAZR	65
RAZR's	1
RAZR,	7
RAZR.	11
RAZR...Get	1
RAZR.January	1
RDX-150	1
READ	1
REAL	2
REALLY	4
REASON!	1
RECEIVED	1
RECENTLY	1
RECEPTION	1
RECIEVE	1
RECOMMEND	1
RECOMMEND.	1
RECOURSE.	1
RED.	1
REFUND	1
REFUNDED	1
REGARDING	1
REP.	1
REPAIR	1
REPLACEMENT	1
RETURNED	1
REVIEW.	1
RF	1
RIGHT	1
RIGHT.	1
RIM	3
RIM's	1
RIM/BlackBerry	1
RINGING	1
RIP	2
RIP-OFF.	1
RISK.My	1
RIZR	2
RL-7300,	1
RL-7300.	2
RMA	2
ROM	2
RSSI	3
RUNS	1
RV.	1
RVing	1
RX	1
RZRs	1
Radical	1
Radio	4
RadioPlay	1
RadioShak	1
Random	1
Random,	1
Range	5
Range,	2
Range.	1
Rapid	2
Rather	2
Rating.	1
RazR	1
Razor	14
Razors	1
Razr	40
Razr!.	1
Razr).	1
Razr,	5
Razr.	11
Razr...	1
Razrs	1
Re-splice	1
Reaching	1
Read	4
Reading	1
Ready	1
Realized	1
Really	13
Reasonably	1
Reassembled	1
Receive	1
Received	12
Received.	1
Receiving	2
Recently	3
Recently,	2
Reception	6
Reception.	2
Recieved	1
Recomended.	1
Recommend	4
Recommend!!!.	1
Recommend.	1
Recurring	2
Red	1
Red.	1
Refund	1
Refurbished	1
Refused	2
Regarding	2
Regardless	1
Regards,Reinhold	1
Regularly,	1
Release	1
Reliability.	1
Remember,	1
Remote	2
Removing	1
Rename	1
Repeller.	1
Replace	1
Replaced	1
Replacement	6
Replacing	1
Report	1
Reports.	1
Repulsive	1
Research	2
Resets	1
Residents	1
Resonably	1
Response	1
Restored	1
Results	1
Results.	1
Retractable	1
Returned	7
Reversible	2
Review	4
Review.	7
Reviews	1
Ridiculous.	1
Right	4
Right.	1
Ring	2
Ringer	2
Ringer.	1
Ringers	1
Ringtone	1
Rip	1
Robust	1
Rock	1
Rocks.	1
Roll	2
Rotating	1
Roxio	1
Ruby	1
Rugged,	1
Rx5915.	1
Rzr	1
S	1
S&H	1
S.E.	1
S.O.L.Here's	1
S105	1
S105,	1
S11.	1
S3	1
S710	2
S710a	2
S805,	1
S9	6
S9's	1
S9.	3
SALA	1
SALIDA	1
SALVADOR,	1
SAME	2
SAME.	1
SANITY!!!!!.	1
SANYOS	1
SATISFIED.	1
SAVE	1
SAVED	1
SBH600	1
SCH-U740	1
SCH-a950.	1
SCH-r450	1
SCHEDULE.	1
SCP	2
SD	6
SDA	1
SE	7
SE.	2
SEALED	1
SECOND	1
SEEMED	1
SEEN.	1
SELL	2
SELLER	2
SEND	1
SENDING	1
SEPTEMBER	1
SERVICE	2
SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
SERVICE!!!!!.	1
SERVICE.	1
SETS	1
SETTING	1
SF	2
SGH-D807).	1
SHARES	1
SHAVING.	1
SHIPMENT	1
SHIPPER	1
SHOW	1
SIGHT	1
SIM	30
SIM""	1
SIM,	1
SIM.	1
SITUATION	1
SIZE	1
SIZE.	1
SIZES.	1
SK2	3
SL-100	1
SL-5500.	1
SLIGHTEST	1
SLOW!	2
SLOWLY	1
SLVR	5
SMALL	1
SMARTPHONE	1
SMARTPHONES!	1
SMS	1
SMT-5600	1
SNAKE	1
SNAP-ON	1
SNN5762A.	1
SO	6
SO,	1
SOFTWARE.	1
SOL.	1
SOLIDO,	1
SOME	2
SOMETHING	1
SONY	2
SOOO	1
SOOOO	1
SOS	1
SOUND	1
SP2)	1
SP4	1
SPEACKER	1
SPEAK	1
SPEAKER	1
SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	1
SPEAKING	1
SPH-M620	1
SPH=M610.	1
SPINN	1
ST1300	1
STANDARD	1
STARS	2
STARS!!!!	1
START	1
STATIC	1
STATIC!!!!	1
STATIC.	1
STAY	2
STINK	1
STOP!	1
STOP...Do	1
STOPPED	1
STORY.	1
STUCK	1
STYLUS	2
SUB-STANDARD.	1
SUCKED!	1
SUCKS	1
SUCKS,	1
SUCKS.	3
SUCKS....	1
SUDDEN	1
SUGGESTION	1
SUPERB.	1
SUPERTOOTH	1
SUPPLIER!!	1
SUPPORT	1
SUPPORT.	2
SURE	1
SVGA	1
SWEETEST	1
SYN8848.	1
Sadly,	1
Saggy,	1
Said	1
Salt	1
Sam	1
Same	9
Samoa	1
Samsung	102
Samsung!	1
Samsung's	2
Samsung)	1
Samsung).	1
Samsung,	1
Samsung----hope	1
Samsung.	8
Samsung.I	1
Samsung.PS	1
San	1
Sansa	4
Sanyo	19
Satisfied	1
Satisfied.	1
Saturday	1
Save	16
Saved	1
Savi	1
Sayno	1
Scala	4
Scala.	1
Scehdule	1
Scosche	1
Scratches	2
Screen	6
Screen's	1
Screen,	1
Screenguard	1
Screenguardz	1
Scuba	1
Search	1
Seattle	1
Second	1
Second,	2
Secondly	3
Secondly,	1
Secret.	1
Secure	1
See	3
Seeing	3
Seems	7
Seen	1
Seen.	1
Segway,	1
Seimans	1
Select	1
Seller	7
Seller.	2
Selling	1
Sending	1
Sensitive	1
Sent	5
Separate	1
Sept	1
September	2
Seriously.In	1
Service	7
Service!.	1
Service,	1
Service.	8
Set	1
Setup	6
Several	2
Sexy	2
Shack	3
Shack's	1
Shadow.	1
Shady.	1
Shaky	1
Shame,shame,shame,...	1
Sharp	2
She	13
Shell	1
Shell.	1
Shield"	1
ShieldZone.	1
Shimmed	1
Shine.	1
Shipped.	1
Shipping	7
Ships	1
Shoddy	3
Shop.	1
Shopping	1
Short	3
Shorten	1
Shortly	2
Shorty	2
Should	4
Shouldn't	2
Shure	1
Sick	1
Side	1
SideKick	1
Sidekick	7
Sidekick.	1
Sidekick.)	1
Siemens,	1
Siemens.	1
Signal	4
Signal.	1
Silicone	2
Silver	1
Similar	1
Simple	3
Simple,	1
Simple.	1
Simply	10
Sin	1
Since	21
Sirius	2
Size	3
Skifi2	1
Skin	1
Skin.	1
SkinTight	1
Skip	1
Skyfi2	1
Skype	7
Skype's	1
Skype,	1
Skype.	5
Slate.	1
Sleek	3
Sleek.	1
Slight	2
Slim	2
Slim,	1
Slow	3
Slowest	2
Small	10
Small,	4
Smart	1
SmartChip."	1
Smartphone	1
Smudges	1
Snake	1
Snap	1
Snap-On	1
Snapper	1
Snapper:.	1
Snaps	1
Snuggle's	1
So	146
So,	21
Socialists.	1
Softphones.	1
Softphones.Sincerly	1
Software	8
Software.	2
Solar	2
Solid	3
SolidGreat.	1
Some	11
Somedays	1
Somehow	1
Someone	5
Something	1
Somethings	1
Sometimes	16
Sometimes,	2
Son!.	1
Sonnet	1
Sonnett's	1
Sony	57
Sony-Erriccson	1
Sony/Ericson,	1
SonyEricsson	2
Sonyericsson	2
Sophisticated	1
Sorry	2
Sorry,	1
Sought	1
Sound	38
Sound.	3
Sounds	5
Soyo	2
Speaker	1
Speakerphone	1
Speakerphone,	2
Speakerphone.	4
Speaking	1
Speaking.	1
Specifically,	1
Specifications,	1
Specs!.	1
Speed	1
Spend	3
Spent	1
Spiderpodium	1
Spiderpodium,	1
Sport	2
Sprint	43
Sprint's	1
Sprint).	1
Sprint,	7
Sprint-	1
Sprint.	9
St.	1
Stack),	1
Stand	1
Standard	3
Staples	1
Star	1
StarTac	3
StarTac.	1
Starbucks	1
Stars	1
Stars.	1
Started	2
Starter	1
Static	2
Station	1
Station.	1
Stay	8
Steady	2
Steel	1
Steer	1
Stench	1
Step	2
Stereo	9
Stick	6
Stick.	1
Sticky	3
Stiffness	1
Stiletto.	1
Still	8
Still,	4
Stinker	1
Stopped	2
Store"	1
Store.	1
Store.I	1
Stowaway	2
Streak	1
Streak.	1
Streamer	4
Strength,	1
Strobe	1
Strong	2
Strongly	1
Studio.	1
Stuff!!.	1
Stupid	1
Stupid.The	1
Sturdy	1
Styli"	1
Stylish	2
Stylish,	2
Stylish2.	1
Stylus	2
Stylus.	1
Subpar	1
Subsequent	1
Substance.	1
Suburbs.	1
Such	1
Sucks	1
Sucks!.	2
Sucks.	3
Suffice	1
Suggestion.	1
Suhel,N.J	1
SuitUp.	1
Summary	1
Sumsung	1
Sun	1
Sunday	1
Sunforce	2
Super	12
Super.fi	1
Superb	4
Superglue	1
Supertooth	5
Supertooth.	1
Support	3
Support.	1
Support.Jabra	1
Supposedly	1
Sure	7
Sure,	5
Surefire	1
Surely	1
Surprising	1
Surprisingly	1
Surprisingly,	1
Surround	1
Suspended	1
Sweet	1
Switch.	1
Switchback	1
Switched	1
Switches	1
Swivel	2
Swiveling	1
Sync	4
Sync!	1
Sync'd	1
Sync/Charger/Data	1
Synching	1
Synchronize	1
System	1
T	4
T-509	1
T-509.	1
T-616	1
T-720.	1
T-Bird	1
T-MOBILE	1
T-MOBILE!	1
T-MObile.Anil	1
T-Mobie	1
T-Mobil	1
T-Mobile	48
T-Mobile's	5
T-Mobile,	3
T-Mobile.	11
T-Mobile.After	1
T-mobil	1
T-mobile	16
T-mobile,	1
T-mobile.	2
T-mobileit	1
T-mobiles	1
T-zone,"	1
T226	1
T28W,	1
T300!	1
T305	5
T305,	1
T305.	2
T5	1
T506	1
T509	1
T603	1
T603.	1
T605	1
T610	11
T610.	2
T615C.	1
T616.	1
T629.	1
T637,	1
T637.	1
T720.	1
T720?	1
TAKE	2
TAKES	1
TALK	1
TECHNOLOGY	1
TEDIOUS.	1
TEN	1
TERRIBLE	4
TERRIBLE!	1
TERRIBLE.	1
TEXT	1
THANKS	4
THAT	4
THATS	1
THE	47
THEM!!!!.	1
THEM.	1
THEN	1
THERE!!	1
THEY	4
THIN	1
THING	1
THINK	1
THIS	39
THIS!!	1
THIS,	1
THIS.	1
THIS.it	1
THRU	1
THS	1
THe	2
THey	1
THumb	1
TIME	1
TIME.	1
TIMES.	1
TINY.	1
TIRED	1
TM506	1
TM506.	1
TMOBILE	1
TMo	1
TMobile	2
TMobile,	1
TO	17
TODA	1
TOO	3
TOWN.	1
TREO	3
TREO.	1
TRIED	1
TROUBLE	1
TRUE	2
TRY	1
TRYING	1
TThe	1
TURNED	1
TV	2
TV?!?	1
TWO	3
TX	3
TX.	3
TYTN.	1
Tablet.	1
Take	4
Take,	1
Takes	1
Taking	2
Talk	4
Talk.	1
Tamboly,	1
Target	1
Target's	1
Taurus	1
Tech	3
Technically	1
Technician	1
Technocel[price]to	1
Technologies	1
Technology	2
Technology,	1
TechnologyThis	1
Techs	1
Ted	1
Tegucigalpa	1
TeleNav	1
Temple	1
Terrible	16
Terrible.	1
Terrible..	1
Terrific	1
Tested	2
Tetris	1
Texas	1
Texas!	1
Text	4
Text,	1
Texting	2
Textured	1
Than	4
Thank	15
Thank's	1
Thankfully	3
Thankfully,	1
Thanks	14
Thanksgiving	1
Thankyou	1
That	44
That's	25
That,	1
Thats	4
The	1452
Their	8
Them.	1
Then	42
Then,	4
There	81
There's	17
Therefore	1
These	42
They	142
They'll	1
They're	5
Thick	1
Thin	1
Think	7
Thinking	2
Third	1
Third,	1
This	676
This!.	1
This'll	1
This,	1
This.	1
Those	7
Though	5
Though,	2
Thought	1
Three	1
Three-Piece	1
Threw	1
Thumbs	2
Thurs.	1
Thursday,	1
Thursday.	1
Thus	1
Thus,	5
Tied	1
Tiger	1
Tilt	1
Tilt)	1
Tilt.	2
Tilt/HTC	1
Time	2
Time.	2
Timely	1
Tinny	1
Tiny	2
Tips.	1
Titan	1
Title	1
Tl26593	1
Tmobile	1
To	27
To.	1
ToDo	1
Today	1
Tom	1
TomTom	1
Tons	1
Too	19
Tool,	1
Toolkit.	2
Tools	7
Tooth	3
Tooth.	3
Tooths	1
Top	1
Top-Up	1
Topeka,	1
Toshiba	2
Total	1
Totally	5
Touch	3
Touch,	1
Touch.	2
Tough	2
Toy	1
TracFone	2
TracFone!	1
TracFone,	1
Tracfone	6
Tracfone's	1
Transferring	1
Transmitter.	2
Transmitters.	1
Travel	8
Traveler	1
Treated	1
Trek"	1
Treo	92
Treo's	1
Treo,	4
Treo.	13
Treo600/650.	1
Treo650.	1
Treos	1
Treos!.	1
Treos,	1
Tried	6
Tries	1
Trio	1
True	1
True.	1
Truly	2
Trust	4
Try	4
Trying	6
Tuesday...	1
Tuffbook	1
Tune	2
TuneTalk	2
Tunes."""	1
Tungsten	1
Turbo	1
Turned	1
Turns	3
Tuxedo	1
Two	7
Tx	1
Type	1
Typical	1
Typing	1
U	2
U.	1
U.S.	4
U.S.,	1
UGLY.	1
UI	1
UK	3
ULOCKED	1
UN	2
UNDER	1
UNFORTUNATELY...Their	1
UNFORTUNATLY	1
UNLOCKED	1
UNTIL	1
UP	3
UP?!?"	1
UPC	1
UPDATE	2
UPGRADED	1
UPS	2
UPS.	2
URLs	1
US	8
US,	2
US.	1
USA	4
USA.	1
USB	77
USB,	2
USB-to-mini-USB	1
USD.Do	1
USE	2
USED	1
USED.	1
USED.After	1
USELESS	2
USELESS!	1
USELESS!!!!	1
USELESS.	1
USES	1
USPS	5
UX5000.	1
Ultimate	3
Ultra	1
Ummmm...	1
Unacceptable.	1
Unbelievable.Do	1
Uncluttered	1
Uncomfortable	2
Uncomfortable.	1
Under	1
Underneath	1
Understandable	1
Unfortunately	11
Unfortunately,	24
Unfortunatley,	1
Unforunately,	1
Unger?	1
Unhappy	1
Unit	6
United	1
Universal	1
Universal!!!.	1
University	1
Unless	4
Unlike	3
Unreliable	4
Until	5
Unusable	2
Unwilling	1
Update.	1
Updates,	1
Upgrade.	1
Upgrading	1
Uplander	1
Upon	2
Upstage	2
Use	8
Used	8
Used.	1
Useful	3
Useless	3
User	2
Uses	1
Using	10
Usually	5
Utter	1
V.	1
V170,	1
V170/1	1
V171	1
V173.	2
V180,	1
V195.	1
V197	1
V220.	1
V260	1
V265,	1
V265.	2
V276,	1
V3	28
V3,	3
V3.	4
V300	5
V300,	1
V300.	1
V325	2
V325i.	1
V330	4
V330.	1
V365.	1
V3M	1
V3M,	1
V3T	1
V3This	1
V3XX,	1
V3a	2
V3c	6
V3c.	2
V3g	2
V3i	3
V3i.	2
V3m	2
V3m,	1
V3m.	2
V3r,	1
V3tit	1
V3x	2
V3xx	3
V530	1
V530,	1
V550	1
V551	6
V551.	1
V557,	1
V557/plastic.	1
V60)	1
V600	9
V600's.	1
V600,	1
V600.	1
V600...	1
V60c	1
V60i	1
V66.I	1
V710	2
V710)	1
V9	1
V9's	1
VALUE	1
VC	2
VCast.	1
VDC	1
VEHICLE.	1
VEHICULO.	1
VENEZUELA	1
VERIZON	5
VERTICAL	1
VERY	26
VFM	1
VGA	3
VGA.	1
VGA....yikes!	1
VHS25-35MM	1
VIrgin	1
VM	2
VOIP	2
VOIP/DECT	1
VOIP/Skype	1
VOLUME.	1
VOX.	1
VPN&quot;	1
VTech	1
VX	2
VX-8300.	2
VX3200	1
VX6000	1
VX6100	2
VX7000	4
VX7000.	2
VX8100	1
VX8100.	1
VX8300	5
VX8300.	3
VX8500	1
VX8600.	1
VX9800	1
VX9900	1
VZ	1
VZW.All	1
VZacess,	1
Value	5
Value!!!.	1
Value,	1
Value.	7
Van	1
Vast	1
Velcro	5
Vendor	2
Verizon	58
Verizon!	2
Verizon's	8
Verizon)	1
Verizon,	9
Verizon.	9
Verizon/LG6000	1
Versio	1
Versions?.	1
Vertical	1
Very	124
Very,	1
VibeCelluar	1
Vibrate	2
Video	1
Video,	2
Viewer	1
Virgin	12
Virgin.	1
Virginia	1
Visible	1
Vision	5
Visor	3
Vista	1
Vista,	1
VoIP	3
VoIP.	1
Voice	12
Volume	11
Volume.	2
Vonage	2
Vonage.	1
Voyager	22
Vtech	1
Vue,	1
Vx	1
Vx8500	1
W	1
W/	1
W/Weak	1
W2K	1
W300i	1
W300i,	1
W300i.	1
W385,	1
W518a	1
W518a..	1
W580i.	1
W710	1
W800i.	1
W810i	5
W810i.	2
W810iWorks	1
W950i	1
WA,	1
WANTED.	1
WAP	1
WAP/WML	1
WARN	1
WARNED.	1
WARNING	4
WAS	3
WASTE	1
WASTED	1
WATED	1
WAV	1
WAY	4
WAYYY	1
WE	4
WEAR	1
WEEK	1
WELL	3
WELL.	2
WELL....I've	1
WELL.3.HEARD	1
WEP	1
WEP-200	2
WEP200	7
WEP200.	5
WHAT	5
WHEN	2
WHERE	2
WHERE.	1
WHILE	1
WHITE	1
WHO	2
WHY	1
WI-FI3.	1
WIEGHT	1
WIFI,	1
WILL	10
WILLWORK	1
WIP320	1
WIRELESS	1
WISH	1
WITH	6
WITHOUT	1
WM.	1
WM6	1
WMP,	1
WMP.	1
WONDERFUL	1
WORDS	1
WORK	8
WORK!	1
WORK!.	1
WORK,	1
WORK.	5
WORK.Not	1
WORKED	1
WORKING	2
WORKS	2
WORKS!.	1
WORSE	1
WORST	8
WORTH	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
WOULD	1
WOULD!!!!	1
WOULDN'T	1
WOULDNT	1
WOW	1
WOW!	2
WOW.	1
WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY	1
Waiting	1
Waiting..	1
Waiting......	1
Walkman	2
Walkman).	1
Walkman.	1
Wall	4
Walls	1
Walmart	2
Want	5
Wanting	1
Warning	1
Warning,	1
Was	10
Washington	1
Waste	6
Watch	2
Watchout	1
Wave	1
Way	1
We	49
We'd	1
We'll	1
We're	4
We've	1
Weak	1
Wears	1
Web	1
Webtreo	1
Week.	1
Well	27
Well,	19
Well.	4
Well..	1
Went	6
Were	1
Wetness	1
What	62
What's	1
Whats	1
When	127
Whenever	2
Where	6
Where's	1
Whether	2
Which	11
While	25
Who	8
Who's	1
Whoever	1
Whomever	1
Why	19
Wi-Fi	2
Wi-fi	1
WiFi	1
Wife	3
Wife.	1
Wifi	2
Wifi,	1
Wifi.	1
Wildcard	1
Will	12
Will.	1
Wilson	3
Win	1
Win2000	1
Window	1
Window!.	1
Windows	31
Windows'	1
Windows,	1
Wing	1
Wing's	1
Winner.	1
Wired	1
Wirefly	1
Wirefly.	1
Wireless	16
Wireless).	1
Wireless,	1
Wish	8
Wishful	1
With	37
Within	6
Without	2
Won't	7
Wonderful	4
Wonderful.	1
Word,	1
Words	1
Work	5
Work.	3
Work..	1
Worked	17
Worked.	1
Worked..	1
Working.	1
Works	136
Works!!!!!.	1
Worksmanship	1
World,	1
World.	1
Worn,	1
Worn...	1
Worse	5
Worst	14
Worth	12
Worthy	1
Worthy.	1
Would	19
Wouldn't	4
Wound	1
Wow,	5
Wrist	1
Writing	1
Wrong	10
Wrote	1
X201	1
X3.	2
X427's,	1
X475	2
X495	1
X495.	1
X5	1
X5.	1
X60	1
X7501/	1
X7510.	1
XM	2
XP	10
XP.	3
XV-6700,	1
XV6600.	1
XV6700	1
XV6700.	1
Xbox	5
Xcessories	1
Xcingular.	1
Xcursion	1
Xingtone	1
Xmas,	1
Xtra	1
Y	1
Y-adapter	1
YALL	1
YE	1
YEAR	1
YES,	1
YES.	1
YET.	1
YOU	12
YOU!!	1
YOU!!!.	1
YOU!!.	1
YOUR	7
YR	1
Yaa	1
Yeah	1
Yeah,	4
Year.	1
Yep...demonstrated	1
Yes	10
Yes,	12
Yet	3
York	2
You	161
You'll	8
You're	1
You,	1
You...	1
Your	5
Yugo	1
Yup,	1
Z3	1
Z3!.	1
Z500	1
Z500.	1
Z500a,	1
Z520a	1
Z520a)	1
Z525A	1
Z525a.	1
Z9	1
ZEN	1
ZEN.	1
ZERO	1
ZERO!!!!.	1
ZOOM???	1
Zagg	1
Zaurus	1
Zaurus.	1
Zen	7
Zero	1
Zero.	1
Zip-Linq	1
Zire	1
Zire.	1
Zoom	1
Zune	2
Zune.	1
[...]	4
[Retail	1
[again]	1
[again],	1
[alot	1
[it]?	1
a	4232
a+	1
a125s	1
a210	1
a670	1
a707.	1
a940.	1
aac	1
aain.	1
abdate,	1
aberration	1
abhor	1
abilities	1
ability	11
ability.	1
able	84
able.	1
about	443
about!	1
about.	8
about.5.	1
about?.	1
above	15
above,	1
above.	3
above....PRETTY	1
abscence	1
absolute	1
absolutely	31
absurd.	1
abuse	5
abuse,	1
abuse.	2
abysmal.	1
ac	1
accent	1
accept	8
acceptable	4
acceptable.	4
accepting	1
access	26
access).	1
access.	7
accessable.	1
accesses	1
accessible.	2
accessing	1
accessories	11
accessories.	5
accessories."	1
accessory	14
accessory.	8
accessory...but.	1
accident	3
accidental	3
accidentally	14
accidently	2
accommodate	1
accommodating.	1
accomodating	1
accomodating.	1
accompanied	1
accomplish.	1
accomplished	2
according	3
account	13
account,	1
account.	4
accounts	1
accounts.	2
acct.	1
accumulates	1
accurate	5
accurate(I've	1
accurate.	1
accurate?3.	2
accurately	1
accustomed	2
achieve	1
achieving	2
acquired	2
across	10
across.	1
acrylic	1
act	2
acting	1
action	1
action,	1
activate	6
activate.	1
activateThrice...the	1
activated	7
activated,	2
activated.	1
activates	2
activates.	1
activating	2
activation	2
active	3
active).	1
active,	1
activity.	1
acts	4
actual	8
actually	84
actually)	1
actually,	2
acutally	1
ad	8
ad.	2
adapt	1
adaptable	1
adapter	38
adapter!	1
adapter's	1
adapter).	1
adapter,	6
adapter-plug	1
adapter.	8
adapters	5
adapters,	1
adapters.	1
adaptor	6
adaptor.	1
adaptors.	1
adaquate	1
adavertised.	1
add	25
add)	1
add).	1
add.	1
add;	1
added	8
adding	6
addition	12
addition,	4
additional	23
address	16
addressed	1
addresses	1
adds	5
adds,	1
adequate	5
adequate,	1
adequate.	3
adequately	1
adequately.	1
adhesive	4
adhesive.	1
aditional	1
adjacent	2
adjust	14
adjust/form	1
adjustable	6
adjustable.	1
adjusted	2
adjusted,	2
adjusting	1
adjusting.	1
adjustment	4
adjustment.3.	1
adjustments	2
adjustments...and	1
adjusts	1
admit	7
admit,	1
admit.	1
admitted	1
adobe	1
adorable	1
adorable.	1
adore	1
adpater	1
ads	1
ads.	1
adult	1
adult.	1
adustable	1
advance	1
advance.	1
advanced	1
advantage	1
adverstised	1
advertise	2
advertised	14
advertised!	1
advertised,	2
advertised.	23
advertised..	1
advertised.I	1
advertised.n	1
advertisement	2
advertisement!	1
advertisement.	2
advertisements	1
advertising	7
advertising,	1
advertising.	2
advertisment.	1
advetisement.	1
advice	10
advice,	1
advise	10
advises	1
aesthetically	2
aesthetics	1
afer	1
affected.	1
afford	9
affordable	7
affordable.	4
affords.	1
afraid	5
afraid.	1
after	277
after.	1
afterall...and	1
aftermarket	1
afterthought,	1
afterward.	1
again	41
again!	5
again,	22
again,Mk	1
again.	73
again...sent	1
again.Downloaded	1
again.Finally...the	1
again.MOTOROLA	1
again.The	2
again.When	1
againUltra	1
against	28
age	1
age,	1
age.	1
age.This	1
aged	1
agey	1
aggravation!!.	1
agian.	1
ago	35
ago,	9
ago,I	1
ago.	27
ago.......didnt	1
agonizing,	1
agravated	1
agravation	1
agree	7
agree.	1
agreed	3
agreement	1
ahead	9
ahve	1
aid	2
aim	2
air	10
air.	2
air/static	1
airplane	1
airplane.	1
airplanes	1
airport,	1
airport.	1
airports	1
airports,	1
airports.	1
airtime	4
airwaves	1
ajstudio@alaska.com.	1
al	2
al!4.	1
al.	1
alarm	12
alarm,	2
alarms	4
alarms,	1
albeit	3
album	1
alcohol	1
alert	6
aligned	1
alignment!	1
alike	1
alike.For	1
alittle	1
alive	1
all	398
all!	2
all!.	1
all!EDIT	1
all!Go	1
all"	2
all)	2
all).	2
all,	35
all--can	1
all--my	1
all-day	1
all-in-all,	1
all-in-one	1
all-in-one.	1
all.	69
all..	2
all....	2
all.....	1
all.Don't	1
all.I'm	1
all.Im	1
all.The	1
all;	1
alleviate	1
allot	2
alloted	1
allotted	1
allow	22
allowed	4
allowing	8
allows	23
allright.	1
alltogether).	1
almost	77
alone	3
alone.	4
along	21
along,	1
alot	13
alot),	1
alot.	1
alow	1
already	43
already,	1
already.	4
alright	1
alright,	1
also	202
also!	1
also.	12
also..	1
also..you	1
also.I	1
alteration,	1
alternate	1
alternately	1
alternative	6
alternative?	1
altho	1
although	24
although,	1
altogether	1
altogether.	3
aluminum	3
aluminum.	1
always	81
always(like	1
always.	1
am	303
am.	4
amazed	5
amazing	13
amazing!!	1
amazing!.	1
amazing,	4
amazing.	6
amazingly	2
amazingy	4
amazon	14
amazon's	1
amazon,	1
amazon.	6
amazon.com.	1
amber	1
ambient	2
amenities	1
american	1
among	2
amount	26
amounts	2
amp	1
amp,	1
amp.But	1
ample	2
ampleflier	1
amplification	1
amplified	2
amplifier	1
amplifies	1
amps.I	1
an	391
analog	3
anatomy,	1
anchor	1
and	4307
and,	4
and--best	1
and...well...fits	1
and/or	4
andf	1
andn	1
android	1
anf	1
angle	4
angry,	1
angst-	1
animal	2
animated	1
animations.	1
announcemenet	1
announcements	1
annoyance	3
annoyances	1
annoyances,	2
annoyed	3
annoyed).	1
annoying	22
annoying,	4
annoying.	11
annoying.2.	1
annoying.The	1
annoying.You	1
annoying:)	1
annoyingly	1
another	138
another,	2
another.	12
anoying.I	1
answer	24
answer!	1
answer,	3
answer.	2
answer/end	1
answered	4
answered.	3
answering	5
answers	1
antena.	1
antenna	22
antenna,	1
antenna.	5
antennae	2
antennae.	1
anti-glare	1
anti-noise	1
anticipated.	1
antique	1
antronics	1
any	258
any,	1
any.	1
any....	1
anybody	2
anybody's.	1
anyhow.	1
anymore	5
anymore,	2
anymore--with	1
anymore.	11
anymore...ALL	1
anyone	56
anyone!	2
anyone,	1
anyone.	9
anyone...	1
anyone.Plantronics	1
anyone/everyone.	1
anything	62
anything!	1
anything,	4
anything.	17
anytime	2
anyting.3.	1
anyway	4
anyway)	1
anyway).	1
anyway,	2
anyway.	8
anyway.I	1
anyway.IT	1
anyway.The	1
anyway.UPDATE	1
anyway?	2
anyways	1
anyways).This	1
anyways,	1
anyways.	2
anyways?	1
anywhere	15
anywhere)	1
anywhere,	2
anywhere.	5
aout	1
apart	16
apart,	4
apart.	13
apartment	4
apartment,	1
apartment.	2
aperture	1
apiece	2
apologize	2
apologized	1
apologizes	1
apology	1
appalled	1
apparent	2
apparent.	1
apparently	6
appeal	1
appealing.	1
appeals	1
appear	2
appear.	1
appearance	4
appearance.The	1
appeared	2
appeared.	2
appears	17
appears.	1
appereance	1
apple	1
application	4
application,	1
application-specific	1
application.	3
applications	4
applications,	1
applications.	2
applications...I	1
applied	3
applies	1
applifies	1
apply	8
applying	1
appointment	2
appointments	5
appointments,	1
appointments.	1
appologized	1
appose	1
appreciate	3
appreciated	2
appreciated.)	1
apprehensive	3
apprehensive.	1
approach	1
approach.	1
approach.The	1
appropriate	1
approved	2
approximately	6
apps	4
apps,	1
april,	1
apt	1
arch	1
are	600
are,	3
are.	6
are.)	1
are...	1
are......	1
are:1)	1
area	17
area),	1
area).	1
area,	2
area.	8
areas	8
areas,	3
areas.	4
aren't	14
arent	1
ares.	1
argued	1
arguing	1
arm	5
arm's	1
arm)	1
arm,	1
arm.	2
armband	2
armband.	2
armies	1
armor!.	1
arose.	1
around	117
around!!	1
around!Yes,	1
around,	6
around.	19
arrangement.	1
arrangements	1
arrests.	1
arrival	2
arrival.	1
arrive	1
arrive,	1
arrive.P.S.	1
arrived	47
arrived!)	1
arrived,	3
arrived.	7
arrived....	1
arrives.	2
arrow	4
arrows	1
art	2
art&iacute;culo	1
article	1
articulo	1
artifact	1
artificial	1
as	805
as,	1
as...	1
ascend	1
aside	2
aside,	2
asign	1
ask	20
ask,	1
ask?In	1
asked	11
asked.	1
asked?	1
asking	9
asking.	1
asks	4
aslo	1
aspect	3
aspect)	1
aspects	1
aspirations,	1
ass	1
assembling	1
assembly	3
assembly.	1
assessment	1
asset	1
assign	2
assigned	3
assignments.	1
assist	3
assistance	1
assortment	1
assume	4
assumed	1
assumes	1
assurance	1
assure	1
assured	1
asus	1
at	514
at&t	3
at&t;	2
at.	3
ate	1
atleast	3
atmosphere,	1
atmospheres."	1
atrocious!	1
atrocious.	1
att	1
attach	6
attached	12
attached,	1
attached.	2
attached.)	1
attachment	6
attachment.	1
attachments	2
attachments.	1
attacked	1
attempt	3
attempt.	1
attempted	4
attempting	1
attempts	5
attended	2
attention	3
attention.	2
attention.The	1
attic	2
attic,	2
attitude	2
attract	1
attracted	1
attractive	6
attractive.	1
attractive.Also,	1
attracts	1
attribute	1
audible	1
audible,	1
audibly.	1
audio	35
audio!.	1
audio"	1
audio.	5
audio;	1
audiophile	1
augmented	1
august,	1
authentic	1
authetic	1
authorities	1
authorized	2
auto	9
auto-answer.	1
auto-reverse,	1
autofocus!	1
autofocus...	1
automated	1
automatic	1
automatically	9
automatically.My	1
automobile	1
aux	1
avail.	2
avail.This	1
availability	1
available	22
available!	2
available".	1
available,	1
available.	6
availablility	1
average	13
average-size	1
avoid	10
avoided,	1
avoided.	1
avoiding	1
awaay	1
awaited	1
awaiting	1
aware	8
aware,	1
away	67
away!	2
away,	2
away.	20
away..	2
away...	1
away...I	1
awe	1
aweful.	1
awesome	18
awesome!	1
awesome!!!!!.	1
awesome!.	1
awesome,	2
awesome.	10
awful	8
awful!	1
awful.	9
awfully	1
awhile	4
awhile.	2
awkardly	1
awkward	5
awkward,	2
awkward.	2
aworkable	1
awsome,	1
awsome.	1
axim.	1
axiously	1
b	1
b/c	3
b/t	1
baack.	1
babied	1
babies,	1
baby	4
baby.	1
babysat.	1
bacause	1
back	201
back!	1
back!!!	1
back!!..	1
back,	11
back-button	1
back-up	2
back.	37
back..	1
back.I	1
back.The	1
back/end	1
backaround.	1
backberry.	1
backed	1
background	23
background,	1
background.	1
backing	1
backlight	4
backlit	3
backround,	1
backside	1
backup	5
backup-	1
backups!	1
backwards	1
backwards.	1
bad	133
bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	1
bad".	1
bad,	13
bad,it	1
bad.	27
bad...BUT...the	1
bad...I	1
bad:1.Have	1
bad:Difficult	1
bad???	1
badly	5
bag	6
bag,	4
bag.	5
bag.Because	1
bag.The	1
bag?	1
bags	1
bait	1
balance	3
balky	1
ballpoint	1
ballpoint.	1
bam!	1
band	9
band.	1
bang	4
bank	1
bar	14
bar,	1
bar.	3
bare	1
barely	24
bargain	2
bargain!	2
bargain.	3
bargain..	1
bargaincell	1
barley	2
barrier	1
barrier&quot;.	1
bars	31
bars!	1
bars!!!!	1
bars,	4
bars.	7
barsof	1
base	8
base".	1
base.	1
based	11
basement	2
basement.	3
bash	1
bashing	1
basic	12
basic.	1
basically	11
basically,	1
basics	2
basing	1
basis	2
basis.	1
bass	4
bass,	1
bass.	3
bastante	1
bat	1
batch	4
bathing	1
battary	1
batter	3
batteries	59
batteries"	1
batteries).Does	1
batteries,	4
batteries,ESN	1
batteries.	13
batteries..	1
batteries...so	1
batterly	1
battery	445
battery!	2
battery!.	1
battery'	1
battery)	1
battery,	38
battery--	1
battery-extending	1
battery-giver	1
battery.	76
battery..	2
battery.Battery	1
battery?	1
battery?.	1
battey	1
batteyr	1
battiers	1
bay.	1
be	699
be,	1
be.	15
be....	1
be.3.	1
be?I	1
be?The	1
beach	1
beacuse	1
beam	1
bearable	1
beat	24
beat.	1
beaten	1
beating	3
beats	5
beautiful	5
beautiful-looking	1
beautiful.	1
beautifully	2
beautifully!	1
beautifully.	1
beautifully...it's	1
beauty	2
bec.	1
became	6
because	310
because,	1
become	12
becomes	5
becoming	2
becuase	2
bed	4
bedroom.	1
bedrooms.	1
bedside.	1
beef	1
beefs	1
been	261
been.	1
beenthe	1
beep	8
beeping	1
beeping,	1
beeps	4
before	100
before!	1
before)	1
before),	1
before).	1
before)it	1
before,	2
before.	12
before.I	1
beforehand	1
began	13
began.	2
begin	8
beginers	1
begining.	1
beginning	7
beginning.	2
begins	1
behavior	1
behavior.	1
behind	14
behind-the-head	1
behing	1
being	89
beings,	1
bejeweled.	1
beleve	1
belief	1
believe	36
believe,	1
believe.	1
believed	1
belive	2
bell	1
bell(on	1
bells	7
belly	1
below	8
below,	2
belt	58
belt,	6
belt-clip	1
belt.	10
belt.Perfect.	1
beltclip	2
belting	1
belts.	1
bench	1
bend	5
bendable	1
bending	1
bends	1
benefit	3
benefits.	1
bent	2
bent.	1
beside	1
besides	7
best	149
best!!!	1
best!.	1
best".	1
best)	1
best,	6
best.	22
best?	1
bestbuy	1
bet	3
better	227
better!	2
better,	11
better.	39
better.1.	1
better.Gripes	1
better.The	1
better.the	1
better;	1
better?	1
between	46
bevy	1
beware	4
beware&quot;	1
beware,	6
beware.	5
beware...	2
beyond	4
bezel	1
bicycling	1
bid	1
big	79
big!	1
big,	9
big.	9
bigger	9
bigger,	2
biggest	6
biggie	1
biggie,	1
bigtime.	1
bike	4
bike.	3
biking	2
biking.	2
bill	11
bill).	1
bill.	3
bill.3)Speaker	1
bill.The	1
billed	2
billed.	1
billing	6
bills,	1
binaural	1
bind	2
bind.	1
binds	1
bird	1
birthday	5
birthday.	1
birthdays	1
bit	84
bit,	4
bit.	4
bite	1
bitpim	1
bits	1
bittered	1
bizarre.	1
black	33
black),	1
black.	5
black;	1
blackberry	19
blackberry,	1
blackberry.	5
blackberry/t-mobile	1
blacks-out	1
blacktop	1
blade	2
blades.	1
blah	2
blah,	1
blame	3
blame.	1
blamed	1
blames	1
bland,	1
blank	3
blank.	2
blanks	2
blast	1
blatant	1
bleah.Acessing	1
blends	1
bless!	1
blew	4
blind	1
blinding	1
blindly	1
blink.	1
blinking	10
blinking.	2
blinking.I	1
blinks	3
blinks...after	1
block	2
blocked	3
blocked,	1
blocked.	1
blocks	4
blooth	1
blow	2
blown	1
blows	1
blt-04	1
blu-tooth	1
blue	54
blue!.	1
blue,	1
blue-tooth	1
blue.	3
blue/gray	1
blueant	1
blueant.	1
blued.	1
bluetoohe	1
bluetoooth	1
bluetooth	194
bluetooth!	2
bluetooth!.	1
bluetooth".	1
bluetooth).	1
bluetooth,	11
bluetooth,(Motorola	1
bluetooth.	22
bluetooth..	1
bluetooth.I	1
bluetooth5.	1
bluetooth;	1
bluetooth?.	1
bluetooths	2
bluish	1
blunt,	1
blurred	2
blurry	2
blurry.	1
blutooth	2
board	3
boasts	1
boat	1
boat.	1
body	11
body)	1
body).	1
bomb!	1
bone	2
bonus	4
bonus-they	1
bonus.	2
bonuses.	1
book	20
book,	2
book,recent	1
book.	4
booking	1
books	1
boom	6
boom.	1
boom?	1
booms	1
boomy	1
boost	3
boost.	1
booster	3
booster.	1
boot	4
boot!.	1
boot.	1
boot5.	1
bootleg.	1
borders	1
bored	1
bored.	1
boring	3
boring,	1
born.	1
borrow	1
borrowed	2
borrwed	1
bose	2
boss	1
bot	1
botched	1
both	105
both.	7
bother	14
bother.	4
bother?"""	1
bothered	5
bothering	2
bothers	2
bothersome,	1
bottom	17
bottom,	1
bottom.	2
botton	1
bottowm	1
bough	1
bought	336
bought,	3
bought.	5
bougth	1
bounced.	1
bouncing	1
bounds	1
bout	1
box	21
box,	3
box.	9
box.I'm	1
boxes	1
boxwave	1
boxy	1
boy	4
boyfriend	5
boys	1
boys.	1
brace.	1
bracket	2
bracket,	1
brain	2
brainer.	4
brainier	1
brakes	1
braking	1
brand	34
brand!	1
brand,	1
brand-new	1
brand.	7
branded	3
branded,	1
branded..	1
brands	4
brands.	3
break	24
break!	1
break!!!.	1
break-in	1
break.	8
break..	1
breakage	1
breakage.	1
breaking	7
breaking!	1
breaking.	3
breaks	9
breaks).	1
breaks,	1
breaks.	4
breath	1
breath.	1
breeze	1
breeze,	2
breeze.	1
breeze.The	1
brick	3
bridge..	1
brief	1
brief,	1
briefcase.	1
briefly,	1
bright	13
bright,	2
bright,that	1
bright.	3
brighten	1
brightness	3
brightness.	2
brilliant	1
brilliant.	1
bring	6
bringing	2
brings	1
briskly	1
broadband	3
broadcast	1
broke	65
broke!.	1
broke).	1
broke).-	1
broke,	3
broke.	11
broken	23
broken,	3
broken.	6
broken...I	1
brother	2
brother's	1
brother.	1
brothers	1
brought	3
brown-toned	1
browse	4
browser	4
browser,"	1
browser.	3
browsing	8
brush	2
bt250	1
bt250v	1
bt8010	1
bubble	3
bubbles	7
bubbles.	3
bubbling,	1
buck	5
buck.	3
bucks	18
bucks))	1
bucks,	2
bucks.	5
bud	18
bud,	1
bud.	1
buddies	1
buddy	2
buds	8
buds,	1
buds.	1
buds...their	1
buen	1
buena	1
bueno	1
bueno...	1
buffs!	1
bug	3
buggy	2
buggy,	1
buggy.	2
bugs	8
bugs!.	1
bugs.	1
build	7
build,	3
building	3
buildings	1
buildings.	1
built	19
built-in	3
builtin	1
buisness	1
bulge	1
bulge,	1
bulge.	1
bulk	9
bulk.	1
bulkier	4
bulkiness	1
bulking	1
bulks	1
bulky	23
bulky,	7
bulky.	8
bulky...I	1
bullet	1
bulletproof?	1
bumblebee	1
bummer.	1
bump	2
bumped	1
bumper	1
bumper.	1
bumpered	1
bumpers	2
bumps	1
bumps.	1
bumpy	1
bunch	7
bunch.	1
bundled	1
bureaucracy	1
burgandy	1
burglar	1
buried	2
burn	2
burned	7
burned...	1
burns	1
burnt	2
bus	2
business	32
business,	1
business.	3
busted	1
busy	2
but	1144
but,	5
but,......	1
but.	3
but....	4
but......	1
but........	1
butt	1
button	82
button!	1
button).	1
button,	10
button.	16
button."	1
button.2.	1
button.3.	1
button??)	1
buttons	59
buttons)	1
buttons).	1
buttons,	1
buttons.	13
bux,	1
buy	258
buy!	3
buy!.	1
buy!AX~	1
buy)	1
buy).	1
buy,	3
buy.	18
buy..	2
buy?$6.96+	1
buyer	4
buyer's	1
buyers	6
buying	80
buying!	1
buying.	5
buyinga	1
buys	1
buzz	1
buzzes	1
buzzing	4
by	229
by.But	1
by?4.	1
c120	1
c300.	1
c332	1
c417	1
ca42	2
cable	96
cable)	1
cable,	6
cable.	23
cable.If	1
cable.MP3	1
cables	14
cables,	1
cables.	2
cake	4
calander	1
calculator.	1
calendar	12
calendar,	4
calendar.	5
calendar.2.	1
calendar.Pros	1
calender	3
calender.	1
call	127
call"	1
call)	1
call).	1
call,	17
call.	30
call."	1
call.)	1
call...not	1
call.Fitting	1
call.I'm	1
call;	1
call?	2
called	58
called)	1
called.	2
caller	15
caller's	3
caller-ID	3
caller.	2
callers	12
callers)	1
callers.	2
calling	20
calling.In	1
calls	100
calls)	1
calls).	2
calls*Full	1
calls,	18
calls.	34
calls.5.	1
calls.Power	1
calls.The	2
calls;	1
calls?	1
calm	1
camcorder	1
camcorder,	1
came	112
came!	1
came,	3
came.	1
camera	103
camera!	2
camera's	1
camera*great	1
camera,	22
camera-phone,	1
camera-picture	1
camera.	13
camera..	1
camera...er...	1
camera.2.	1
camera.Cons	1
camera.Pros	1
camera.The	1
camera;	1
cameraphones,	1
cameras	5
can	505
can!.	1
can't	142
can.	3
can...	1
canal	1
canal.	3
canals.	2
cancel	10
canceled	2
canceling	4
canceling,	1
cancell	1
cancellation	8
cancellation,	1
cancellation.	1
cancelled	3
cancelling	5
cancelling).	1
cancelling,	1
cancelling.	1
cancer.	1
candid	1
candy	3
candybar	1
canned	1
cannot	83
canon	1
cans	2
cant	13
canx	1
cap	1
capabilities	4
capabilities!	1
capabilities,	1
capabilities.	3
capabilities...	1
capability	3
capability!	1
capability,	3
capability.	3
capable	8
capable.	2
capacity	3
capacity,	2
capibility	1
capital	1
capture	2
capture,	2
capture.	1
car	128
car!	1
car's	9
car),	1
car,	16
car.	39
car....	1
car...your	1
card	49
card".	1
card).	2
card,	10
card.	18
card.7.	1
card;	1
card?.	1
cardboard	2
cardiac	1
cardo	2
cards	10
cards,	1
cards.	1
care	31
career,	1
careful	15
careful!	2
careful,	2
careful.	2
carefully	5
cares??	1
cargo	1
carpet	1
carpeting)	1
carried	5
carrier	9
carrier's	1
carrier,	1
carrier.	6
carriers	4
carriers,	1
carriers.	1
carries	3
carries.	1
carry	30
carry,	1
carry--if	1
carry-on.	1
carry...even	1
carrying	17
cars	4
cars,	2
cars.	5
cartoys,	1
cartoys.	1
case	270
case!	8
case!!.	2
case!.	4
case's	1
case)	2
case),	1
case).	3
case,	26
case.	80
case...	1
case..nothing	1
case.Pros	1
case.Update	1
case/holster,	1
case;	2
case?	1
caseI	1
caseing.Problems:A.	1
cases	25
cases).	1
cases,	4
cases.	8
cases.So,	1
cases/covers	1
cash	2
casing	2
casing.	3
casing.What	1
casings.	1
cassete	1
cassette	8
cassette.	1
cast	1
cast.	1
casual	2
cat	1
catch	3
catch.	1
catcher.	1
catching	1
catching.	1
catchup	1
category.	3
caught	6
cause	16
cause.	1
caused	9
causes	10
causing	3
caution	2
caution.	1
caveat.	1
ccmaccessories	1
cd	5
cd,	1
cds	1
cel	1
cell	235
cell,	1
cell.	5
cell.Thanks	1
cellphone	24
cellphone!	2
cellphone!!!.	1
cellphone).It	1
cellphone,	3
cellphone.	13
cellphone.I'd	1
cellphone.The	1
cellphone3.	1
cellphones	4
cellphones!!.	1
cellphones.	1
cellphones?)10.	1
cells	1
cellsuit	1
celltower	1
cellular	12
celphone.	1
cement	3
cent	4
cent's	1
center	8
center,	2
center.	1
centered,	1
centered.	2
centimeters	1
central	1
centre	1
centric	1
cents	3
cents)	1
cents,	1
cents/minute	2
certain	20
certainly	12
certanly	1
certian	1
certified"	1
cf	1
chabging	1
chager	1
chain	1
challenge*The	1
chance	10
chance!	1
chance,	3
chance.	1
chancy	1
change	26
change.	4
changeable	1
changeat	1
changed	13
changed,	3
changed.	3
changeouts,	1
changer	1
changes.	1
changing	9
channel	5
channels	4
charge	174
charge!	1
charge"	1
charge'	1
charge)	1
charge).	2
charge,	11
charge-life	1
charge.	35
charge..	2
charge?.	1
charged	56
charged!	1
charged,	3
charged.	8
charged..	1
charger	207
charger!	2
charger!.	1
charger's	2
charger,	13
charger.	61
charger..	1
charger....DIDN'T	1
charger.The	1
charger.What	1
charger.now	1
charger2.)	1
chargers	12
chargers!	1
chargers,	5
chargers,no	1
chargers.	6
chargers.Extra	1
chargers.Happy	1
charges	24
charges!	1
charges"	1
charges),	1
charges,	1
charges.	7
charget.	1
charging	57
charging),	1
charging,	5
charging.	8
charging.So	1
chargwer.	1
charity	1
charm	7
charm,	2
charm.	4
charm..	1
charm;	1
charm?.	1
chat	1
cheap	80
cheap!	2
cheap,	17
cheap.	11
cheap...I	1
cheap/ugly.	1
cheapa	1
cheaper	10
cheaper!	1
cheaper!)	1
cheaper,	1
cheaper.	2
cheapest	4
cheapie	1
cheaply	7
cheaply?	1
cheapness	2
cheapsunglasses.Hope	1
cheapy	1
cheats,	1
check	26
check.6.	1
check.I	1
checked	12
checking	5
checks	1
cheek	1
cheep	1
cheesy	1
cheesy.	1
chew	1
chicago.	1
chiclet.	1
chief	1
child-like	1
childhood	1
children	2
chin	1
china	2
china.	1
chincy	1
chinese	1
chink	1
chintzy	1
chip	1
chip'.	1
chip.	1
chipped	2
chipping	2
chips	2
chocolate	4
chocolate,	1
choice	14
choice!	2
choice.	2
choice....	1
choice.Do	1
choice.Good	1
choices	5
choices.	2
choose	15
choose..	1
choosing	2
chopping	1
chopping,	1
choppy	2
choppy,	1
choppy.	1
chore	2
chose	12
chose.God	1
chosen	1
christmas	3
christmas.	1
chubby).	1
cigarette	4
cingulair	1
cingular	12
cingular,	1
cingular.	2
cingulars	1
circle	1
circuit	3
circuit.Get	1
circular	1
circulation,	1
circumvent	1
cities	2
citizens..	1
city	3
city.	1
claim	6
claim.	1
claimed	5
claimed.	1
claims	8
clairity.	1
clam	1
clamping	1
clamshell	2
clamshell.Also,	1
claritiy.	1
clarity	17
clarity,	4
clarity.	8
clasp	5
class	6
classes	1
classic	2
classic.	2
classroom	1
classroom.	1
classy	2
classy,	2
clause	1
claw	1
clean	9
clean.	3
cleaned	2
cleaned.	1
cleaner	2
cleaning	3
cleanly	1
cleans	1
clear	74
clear!	1
clear,	12
clear.	18
clear.The	1
clearance	2
clearanced	1
cleared	1
clearer	5
clearity	2
clearly	20
clearly,	1
clearly.	4
clears	1
clerk	1
clever	1
click	5
click.	1
clicked	1
clicking	3
clicking,	1
clicks	1
clie	1
client	3
cliff.	1
clip	87
clip!.	1
clip,	6
clip-	1
clip-in	2
clip-on	1
clip.	24
clip..	1
clip.I	1
clipped	4
clipping	2
clips	14
clips,	1
clips.	3
clock	4
clock,	1
clock.	2
close	29
close!	1
close.	4
close..	1
closed	9
closed,	3
closed-in	1
closed.	5
closed.2.	1
closed.3.	1
closed.Battery	1
closer	8
closes	2
closest	2
closet	1
closet.	1
closing	1
closure	3
closure.	1
closure...wait	1
cloth	2
cloth.	3
cloth;	1
cloudy	1
clueless.	1
clutch.	1
cmd-V	1
co-wokers	1
co-worker	3
co-workers	1
co-workers,	1
coast	1
coast.	1
coat	4
coating	2
coating.	1
cochlear	1
code	4
code,	1
code.	1
code.Amazon,	1
codes,"	1
coffee	2
coiled	1
coins,the	1
collar	2
collar,	1
colleague	2
collection	1
collector	2
collector,	1
collects	1
college	4
color	42
color!	3
color,	3
color.	7
color.)	1
color;	1
colored	3
colorful	2
colors	6
colors!	1
colr	1
combination	7
combination!.	1
combination.	1
combinations	1
combinations.	1
combine	1
combined,	1
combined.	1
combining	2
combo	8
combo.	1
come	84
come.	2
comentarios.	1
comes	69
comfort	9
comfort).	1
comfort,	6
comfort.	3
comfort;	1
comfortable	93
comfortable,	15
comfortable.	20
comfortable.I	1
comfortablly	1
comfortably	10
comfortably,	2
comfortably.	2
comfortible	1
comftorable	1
comfy	2
comfy!	1
coming	23
coming!	1
commad	1
command	9
command",	1
command.	1
command."	1
command;	3
commands	6
commands",	1
commands,	1
comment	6
comment.)	1
commented	1
comments	6
comments,	1
comments:Reception	1
commercial	2
commercials	1
commercials.	1
common	13
commonly	1
communicate	3
communicate.	3
communication	3
communication,	1
communication.	3
communication...not	1
communications	3
communications.	1
communicators	1
commute	1
commute,	1
commuter.	1
como	1
compact	13
compact,	5
compact.	2
compact...the	1
compacts	1
compaired	1
companies	6
companies.	1
companion!	1
company	55
company's	3
company).	2
company,	2
company.	12
company.Not	1
comparable	5
comparably-priced	1
compare	9
compare,	1
compare.	1
compared	26
compared..	1
compares	1
comparibly	1
comparing	4
comparisions	1
comparison	5
compartment	3
compatability.	1
compatable	3
compatibility	4
compatibility,	2
compatibility,although	1
compatible	18
compatible,	1
compatible.	3
compatible..	1
compatible.My	1
compatiblities,	1
compelled	2
compensate	1
compensation	2
compete	1
competency	1
competing	1
competition.	1
competitive.	1
competitively.	1
competitors.	2
complain	15
complain.	4
complain.Next	1
complained	12
complained,	1
complainers	1
complaining	7
complaining.	1
complains	5
complains.	1
complaint	27
complaint,	1
complaint.	2
complaints	27
complaints,	6
complaints.	9
complaints.Another	1
compleate.	1
complete	13
completed,	1
completed.	1
completely	42
completely.	3
completely...	1
completly	1
complicated	3
complicated,	1
complicated.	1
complimented	1
compliments	4
comply	1
compnay	1
components	1
components.	1
comprehend.	1
compromise	3
compromise.	1
compupter.	1
computer	40
computer's	1
computer,	4
computer.	15
computer.11.	1
computer.6.	1
computer.Jaz	1
computer.This	1
computer;	1
computers	3
computers,	1
computers.	1
computing.	1
con	2
concentrated	1
concept	2
concept,	2
concern	3
concerned	5
concerned,	2
concerned.	1
concerning	1
concerns	2
concerns.	1
conclude	2
concluded	1
conclusion,	1
conclusions:THE	1
concrete	1
condition	5
condition,	1
condition.	4
condition.This	1
conditions	3
conditions.	2
conditions.4.	1
condo.	1
conduct	2
coneected	1
conference	4
confidence	1
confident	1
configure	2
configured	1
confirm	1
confirmation	1
confirmed	3
conflicts	1
confort	1
confortable	4
confuse	1
confusing	4
confusing.	1
conjunction	1
connect	34
connect.	2
connected	18
connected.	1
connecting	10
connection	37
connection"	1
connection).	1
connection,	2
connection.	8
connection....unfortunately.	1
connections	2
connections.	1
connectivity	4
connectivity,	1
connectoin	1
connector	15
connector!!!.	1
connector,	2
connector.	5
connectors	1
connects	11
cons	2
cons.	1
cons.Features1.	1
conserve	1
consider	8
consider.	1
considerable	2
consideration	2
considered	5
considered,	1
considering	19
consistency,	1
consistenly	1
consistent	1
consistently	4
consists	1
console	3
consolidation	1
constant	13
constantly	30
constantly.	5
constitutes	1
constraint	1
construct	1
constructed	4
constructed,	4
constructed.	3
construction	4
construction.	4
consumer	5
consumer,	1
consumer.	3
consumes	1
cont.	1
contact	31
contact)but	1
contact,	2
contact.	3
contacted	16
contacting	5
contacts	17
contacts,	5
contacts.	4
contacts....all	1
contained	1
contains	2
contect	1
contents	1
contest,	1
continually	4
continue	6
continued	4
continues	5
continues.	1
continuous	4
continuous.	1
continuously	1
contoured	1
contours	1
contract	27
contract)	1
contract.	8
contract.I	1
contract?	1
contracted	1
contracts	1
contracts).	1
contracts.	1
contraption	1
contrary,	1
contrast	2
contrasted.	1
contrasting	1
contributed	1
control	29
control,	2
control.	4
controller.	1
controllers	1
controlling	1
controls	15
controls!	1
controls.	1
contstruct	1
convenience	3
convenience.	1
convenient	8
convenient.	3
convenient.)	1
convenient.No	1
conveniently	2
conventional	1
conversation	14
conversation,	2
conversation,it	1
conversation.	9
conversations	9
conversations,	2
conversations.	3
converse	1
conversion	1
converstation	1
convert	1
convert!	1
convert.	1
convertable!.	1
converter	3
converter.	5
converter/microphone.	1
convertible	3
convienece	1
convince	1
convinced	5
convinient	2
cool	50
cool!	3
cool!!!!.	1
cool,	9
cool.	13
cool...	1
cool...I	1
cool.Other	1
cooler	1
cooler,	1
cooler.	1
coolest	2
coonected	1
cop	2
copier	1
copies	1
copies,	1
copy	7
cord	42
cord"	1
cord,	6
cord.	10
cord..	1
corded	5
corded,	1
cordless	10
cords	4
core	2
corner	1
corner.	1
corners	1
corners.	3
cornucopia	1
corporate	3
correct	14
correct,	2
correct--they	1
correct.	3
correctly	8
correctly,	2
correctly.	6
correctly?	1
corrects	1
corroborate	1
corrode	1
cos	1
cosmetic	1
cosmetic.	1
cost	45
cost!.	1
cost-effective	1
cost.	7
costing	1
costly,	1
costomize	1
costs	17
costs).	1
costs--piece	1
costs.	3
costumer	2
cotton	1
coudln't	1
could	226
could'nt	1
could,	2
couldn't	64
couldnot	1
couldnt	4
count	5
counter	2
counter,	1
counter.	2
counterfeit	1
counterfeit.	3
counterfit	1
counterpart.	1
countries	1
countries.	1
country	2
country.	2
counts.	1
couple	87
coupon	1
coupons	1
course	17
course,	15
course.	2
course.Based	1
courteous,	1
courtesy	1
cousin	1
cover	50
cover!!!!!!.	1
cover,	4
cover.	8
cover.2.	1
cover.Awesome	1
cover.although	1
coverage	11
coverage.	2
coverage.3)	1
covered	9
covered.	4
covering	5
covering.6)	1
covers	12
covers,	2
covers.	2
covers:I	1
coworker	1
coworkers	1
crack	3
crack!	1
crack,	1
cracked	12
cracked.	1
cracked.I	1
cracked.Only	1
cracking	1
cracking.	1
crackle	2
crackle.)	1
crackles	1
crackles.	1
crackling	1
crackling.	1
crackly	1
cracks	3
cracks.	1
cradle	8
cradle,	2
cradle.	2
cradle....not	1
cradles	1
cradles,	1
crafted,	1
crafter	1
craftsmanship	1
crank	2
cranked	1
crap	5
crap,	1
crap.	9
crap.)	1
crap..	1
crapped	1
crappy	11
crash	1
crash?	1
crashed	3
crashes	5
crashes,	1
crashes.	1
crashing	1
crawl	1
crazier	1
crazy	4
crazy,	1
crazy.	1
creaks	1
cream!).	1
crease	1
create	4
created	1
created.	1
creates	2
creating	2
creation	1
creative	1
credibility.	1
credit	11
credit,	1
credit.	2
credit..	1
credited	1
crediting	1
credits	2
cripple	1
crippled	1
crisp	5
criteria	2
critical	1
criticism	3
crook	1
crops	1
cross	1
cross-platform	1
crossing	1
crowd.	1
crowded	1
crowded,	1
crowded.	1
crunched	1
crunked	1
crush	1
crutial	1
cry	1
cryin'	1
crying	1
crystal	8
crystal-clear	1
cs50	2
cu500.	1
cualidad	1
cube	1
cube.	3
culture	1
cumbersome	1
cumbersome.	2
cup	1
cups).The	1
cups...	1
cures	1
curious	1
curiousity	1
curled	1
curly	2
current	11
current.	3
currently	6
currently.	1
curse	1
curve	2
curve.	2
curves.	1
cuses	1
cushion	3
cushioned	1
cushions	2
cust	1
custom	7
custom-fitted	2
customer	68
customer's	1
customer,	2
customer.	5
customer?	1
customers	9
customers.	5
customizable.	2
customization	2
customization.6.	1
customize	1
customize.	1
customized	1
customizing	1
customizing,	1
cut	26
cut-in	1
cut-out	1
cut-outs	2
cut.	1
cute	6
cute!	1
cute!.	1
cute).	1
cute,	3
cute.	2
cuter	1
cutouts	2
cuts	9
cutting	9
cuz	3
cycle	1
cycle.	2
cycles	2
cycling	1
cynical.	1
d*mn	1
d/l	2
da	2
dad	1
dad.	1
dads	1
dailing	1
daily	7
daily.	2
damage	13
damage,	1
damage.	3
damage..	1
damage...	1
damaged	4
damaged,	2
damaged.	4
damaging	2
damn	4
damn,	1
damper	1
dance	2
dandy	1
dangerous	1
dangles.	1
dangling	1
dark	6
dark,	1
dark.	2
darn	3
darn.	1
darned	2
dash	2
dash.	1
dashboard	3
dashboard,	2
dashboard.	1
data	37
data,	2
data.	2
date	14
date,	1
date.	2
date????	1
daugher	1
daughter	9
daughter's	5
daughter.	2
daughters	1
daunting	1
day	85
day!	1
day!).	1
day,	11
day-to-day	1
day.	40
day...just	1
day.20	1
day.3.	1
day;	1
days	93
days!	3
days).	1
days,	17
days,given	1
days--	1
days-wasted	1
days.	38
days..	1
days.2.	1
days.ARGGGGGGGGG!!!!!	1
daytime,	1
de	4
dead	22
dead).	1
dead,	3
dead.	4
deadline.	3
deaf	1
deaf.	1
deal	34
deal!	4
deal"	1
deal)	1
deal,	7
deal.	19
deal..	1
deal.For	1
dealer	4
dealer,	2
dealing	3
deals)TMobile-	1
deals.	3
dearly.	1
death	2
death.	2
deattached	1
debated	1
debris.	1
debugged	1
debugging	1
decade	1
decal	1
decal.	1
deceived	1
deceiving.	1
deceiving.I	1
decent	39
decent,	2
decent.	3
decently	1
deceptive	2
deceptive.	1
decide	9
decided	35
decides	1
deciding.	1
decieving.	1
decision	3
decision!	1
decision.	5
deciving	1
deck	3
deck,	1
deck.	3
decline	1
declined	1
decode	1
decpetion.	1
dedicated	4
deep	6
def	1
default	4
defeated.	1
defeats	5
defect	1
defect,	1
defective	20
defective,	1
defective.	17
defects	1
defects.	3
defense,	1
deffinitely	1
deficient	1
definately	7
definatly	1
defined.	1
defines	1
definetly	1
definitely	41
definition	2
definitly	1
defintly	1
defy	1
degrade	1
degrade.	1
degraded	1
degree	1
degrees	1
degrees,	2
delay	6
delay,	1
delayed	2
delecate	1
delete	4
deleted	3
deletes	1
delicate	1
delicate.	1
deliciousnez.	1
delighted	2
delighted.The	1
delightful	1
deliver	2
deliver.	1
delivered	13
delivered.	1
delivering	1
delivers	1
delivery	10
delivery,	2
delivery.	4
delivery..	1
dell	1
deluxe	1
demand	1
demand.	1
demands.	1
demo	1
demonstrated	1
demonstration,	1
demos.	1
denomination	1
denotes	1
dent	1
department	2
depend	2
dependable	1
dependable.The	1
depended	1
dependent	1
depending	2
depends	3
depends,	1
depicted	2
depicts.	1
deployed	1
depress	2
depressed	1
dept.	1
descent	2
descibed	1
describe	3
described	14
described,	2
described.	6
description	17
description).	1
description.	6
description....	1
descriptive	1
descrito,	1
deserts	1
deserves	2
design	67
design!	1
design!.	1
design,	9
design.	22
design..	1
design...but	1
design.Jabra	1
design5.	1
designed	23
designed,	1
designed.	2
designer	1
designer.	1
designing	2
designs	1
designs,	2
designs.	1
desired	1
desk	5
desk,	1
desk.	2
desktop	4
desktop.	1
desperate	2
desperation.	2
despise	1
despite	10
destination	1
destination,	1
destination.Highly	1
destroyed	1
destroyed.	1
destroying	2
detachable	2
detached	3
detail	1
detail,	1
detailed	1
detailed.	1
details	2
details,	1
detatchable.	1
detect	2
detectable.	1
detected.	1
detention.	1
deteriorates	1
determine	2
determined	2
detest	1
detractors,	1
detroyed	1
develop	1
developed	4
device	100
device!	2
device!.	1
device"	1
device,	10
device.	40
device.Finally	1
device.My	1
device.Obviously,	1
device.Poor	1
device:.	1
devices	23
devices)	1
devices),	1
devices,	4
devices.	8
devices...	1
devices???.	1
devise	1
diagram	1
dial	20
dial"	1
dial)	1
dial,	1
dial.	6
dialed	4
dialed).	1
dialed.	1
dialing	25
dialing!	1
dialing"...	1
dialing,	1
dialing.	2
dialled	1
dialling.	1
dials	2
dice,	1
dictionary	1
did	213
did!	1
did!!!!	1
did'nt	1
did,	8
did.	19
did.....still	1
didn't	163
didn't.	2
didnot	1
didnt	12
didnt'	1
die	5
die.	1
died	18
died).	1
died,	1
died.	6
dieing.	1
dies	4
dies,	3
dies....	1
diesel	1
diferent	1
difference	10
difference!	1
difference.	8
differences	2
different	121
different!	1
different,	1
different.	7
differs	1
difficult	54
difficult.	7
difficult...everything	1
difficulties	2
difficulties.	1
difficulty	9
dificult	1
difinately	1
dig	3
diggin'	1
digging	2
digicam,	1
digital	15
digitally	1
digits	1
digits,	1
digress.	1
digs	1
dilevery	1
diligent	1
dime	2
dimensionally.	1
dimensions.	1
diminish,	1
dings.	1
dinosaur	1
dints	1
dire	1
direct	6
directed	1
directing	1
direction	4
directional	2
directions	8
directions,	1
directly	19
directly,	1
directly.	1
director	1
directories	1
dirt	8
dirty	2
dirty.	2
disable	1
disabled	2
disabled!.	1
disabled.	2
disapoinment.	1
disapointed	1
disapointed.	2
disapointing.	1
disappear	3
disappeared.	1
disappoint	1
disappoint.	1
disappointed	33
disappointed!	2
disappointed!!!!	1
disappointed,	1
disappointed.	30
disappointed..	1
disappointed.I	1
disappointing	1
disappointing,	1
disappointing.	9
disappointment	5
disappointment!!	1
disappointment,	1
disappointment.	8
disassembled	1
disaster	2
disaster.	3
disc,	1
discarded	1
discernible	1
discharged	1
discharged.	1
discharges	1
discoloration	1
discomfort	2
discomfort.	3
disconnect	7
disconnect.	1
disconnected	5
disconnected.	2
disconnecting	2
disconnects	2
discontinue?	1
discontinued	3
discontinued,	1
discount	2
discount.	2
discounted	1
discovered	9
discovering	1
discovery	4
discreet	1
discriminate	1
discuss	3
discussed	2
disguises	1
disgusting.	1
dish	1
dishonest	2
disign	1
disign.	1
disk.	1
dislike	1
dislikes	1
dislodging	1
dismal	1
dismantled	1
dismantled.	1
dismay	1
dismay,	2
dispatches	1
dispite	3
display	31
display,	4
display.	5
displayed	4
displays	6
displays.	1
displays?	1
displeased	1
disposable	3
disrrupt	1
disruption)Sorry	1
dissadvantages.	1
dissapear	1
dissapointed	2
dissapointed.	3
dissapointing.	1
dissapointing....	1
dissapointment	1
dissapointment!.	1
dissapointment.	1
dissatisfaction.Motorola	1
dissatisfied	1
dissatisfied,	1
dissatisfied.	1
distance	11
distant	1
distant,	1
distence	1
distinct,	1
distinctive	1
distorted	4
distorted.OVERALL	1
distortion	1
distorts	1
distracting	2
distraction	1
distraction.	1
distributes	1
distributor	2
distrotion	1
dit	1
ditch	2
division	1
do	265
do!.	1
do,	10
do.	21
do..	2
do.RAZORS	1
do.Things	1
do/what	1
do:1)	1
dock	1
dock,	1
dock.	1
docking	3
docs,	1
doctor	1
document	1
documentation	2
documentation.	1
documented	1
documents.	1
does	288
does!	1
does)	1
does,	5
does.	8
doesn'r	1
doesn't	200
doesn't)Voice	1
doesn't.	3
doesn't.Now	1
doesnt	9
dog	3
dog,	1
doing	36
doing,	1
doing.	1
dollar	9
dollar.	1
dollars	13
dollars,	2
dollars.	6
dollars.I	1
domestic	1
don	1
don't	298
don't.	1
don`t	2
donate	1
donated	1
done	25
done,	4
done.	8
done.I	1
dongle	2
dongle,	1
donkey&quot;,	1
dont	33
doo-dad	1
doodads	1
door	1
door!	1
door,	1
door.	1
doors	1
doors,	1
dorks	1
dorm	1
dosen't	1
double	7
doubles	2
doubles.	1
doubt	8
doubt,	1
doubtful,	1
doubts	2
down	86
down!	1
down!.	1
down)	1
down).	1
down,	6
down.	14
down.3.	1
down.8.	1
downfall	1
downgrade	1
downhill.	1
download	22
download.	1
downloaded	9
downloading	7
downloads	2
downloads,	1
downloads.	1
downside	6
downside,	2
downside;	1
downsn't	1
downstairs.	1
downtown	1
downward	1
doy	1
dozen	4
dozens	2
draft	1
drafts	1
drafts.	1
drag	1
dragon?.	1
drain	11
drain.	3
drained	4
draining	1
drains	2
dramatic	2
dramatically	1
drastically	1
drastically.	1
drasticaly	1
draw	2
drawback	9
drawback,	1
drawbacks	2
drawbacks!	1
drawbacks.	1
drawer	4
drawer.	3
drawer...	1
drawing	1
draws	1
dreadful.	1
dream	1
dreary	1
dremel.	1
dress	2
drier	1
drift,	1
drinking	1
drive	14
drive,	1
drive.	2
driver	6
driver.	1
drivers	7
drivers,	2
drivers.	3
drives	2
drives.The	1
driving	32
driving"	1
driving,	7
driving.	14
drivng	1
drop	21
drop,	1
drop.	3
droped	1
dropout	1
dropouts	1
dropped	60
dropped,	3
dropped.	3
droppes	1
dropping	8
dropping.	2
drops	13
drops.	1
drove	1
drowned	2
drum	1
drumbeat	1
dry,	2
dryer.....	1
dual	6
dual-purpose	1
duck	1
dud	1
dud.	1
due	36
duel	1
duff	1
dug	1
duh.summary:pros:*lightweight*comfortable*got	1
dull	2
dumb	2
dumb.	1
dump	2
dunked,	1
duo	1
duper.	1
duplex	1
durability	4
durability,	1
durable	13
durable.	7
durable.But	1
duration	2
durations.	1
during	23
dust	6
dust,	2
dust.	2
dustpan	1
dusty)	1
duty	2
dying	5
dying.	4
e	1
e-mail	10
e-mail,	1
e-mail.	2
e-mailed	2
e.g.	2
e260	1
e315	2
e316	2
e317.	1
e715.	1
e815	2
eBay	4
each	44
each)	1
each,	2
each.	1
eager	1
ear	254
ear!	2
ear!!!	1
ear!.	1
ear'	2
ear,	35
ear-	1
ear-piece.	1
ear-pieces	1
ear.	83
ear..	2
ear.4th.	1
ear.i	1
ear?	1
earboom	1
earbud	16
earbud.	1
earbuds	11
earbuds)3.	1
earbuds,	1
earbuds.	2
earbuds.To	1
earbugs,	1
earcanals	1
eardrums	1
eargel	1
eargels	5
eargels.	1
earguard	1
earhook	5
earhook,	1
earhook?	1
earhooks	2
earhooks,	1
earlier	9
earlier.	1
earlobes	1
earloop	3
earloop,	1
earloop.	1
earlpiece	1
early	10
earmuffs	1
earned	1
earpad	2
earpads	1
earpeice	1
earphone	1
earphones	4
earphones,	2
earphones.	1
earpice	1
earpiece	67
earpiece!	1
earpiece,	3
earpiece.	9
earpieces	17
earpieces,	1
earpieces.	1
earpience	1
earplug	2
earrings).	1
earrings.Super	1
ears	22
ears!	1
ears!!.	1
ears)	1
ears,	2
ears.	11
ears..	2
earset	2
earshape	1
earth	1
earth.	2
eartips	2
eas	1
ease	11
ease-of-use	1
ease.	2
easibility	1
easier	27
easier.	6
easiest	3
easily	55
easily,	6
easily.	25
easily.Not	1
easily4.	1
east	1
easy	165
easy,	4
easy-to-read	1
easy-to-use	1
easy.	17
easy.Bottomline:This	1
easyCons:1.	1
easyly	1
eats	1
ebay	4
ebay!	1
ebay,	2
ebay.	2
echo	10
echo's	1
echo,	2
echo.	4
echo;	1
echoed.	1
ecstatic.	1
ect.)	1
edge	8
edge,	1
edges	2
edges,	1
edging	1
edit	2
edition	2
editor	1
editor,	1
effect	7
effect,	1
effect.	1
effective	2
effective,	1
effective.	2
effects	2
efficient,	1
effort	3
effort,	1
effort.	1
effortless.	1
efforts	1
eforcity	2
eforcity.	1
eh,	1
eh..	1
eighth-grader,	1
either	30
either).	1
either,	3
either.	17
either.6.	1
eject	1
ejected	2
ejecting	1
el	2
elderly	1
elected	1
electrical	2
electricity	1
electricity?	1
electro	1
electronic	6
electronica	1
electronics	9
electronics,	2
electronics.	3
elegant	4
elements	1
elephant	1
elephant's	1
eligible	3
eliminate	4
eliminated	1
else	36
else's	1
else,	2
else.	17
else..	1
else...	1
else.Avoid	1
elsewhere	4
elsewhere)	1
elsewhere,	1
elsewhere.	8
em	1
email	27
email,	2
email.	3
email.The	1
email:Unfortunately	1
emailed	6
emails	5
emails,	2
emails.	3
embarassing	1
embarrassed	1
embarrassing	2
embedded	1
embossed	2
embossing	1
emergencies	1
emergency!	1
emit	2
employee	1
employees	2
employer.	1
emptor.	1
empty	2
empty.	1
en	3
enV	3
enV.	1
enable	3
enables	4
encajo	1
encased	1
enclosed	1
enclosed,	1
enclosure	1
encoder	1
encontrado	1
encountered	2
encountered.	5
encourage	2
encrypted	1
end	78
end!.	1
end,	3
end.	15
end..	1
ended	32
ending	1
ends	6
ends.	6
endure.	1
energizer	1
energy	1
enforcement.	1
engage	2
engineer	1
engineer.	1
engineered	2
engineering,	1
engineers	1
engraved.	1
enhance	1
enhanced	3
enjoy	12
enjoyed	5
enjoying	3
enjoyment	2
enormous	1
enormous.	1
enough	104
enough,	11
enough.	18
enough.On	1
enough.Only	1
enough?.	1
ensure	1
ensures	1
entail?	1
enter	4
enter.8.	1
entered	1
entering	4
entertained	1
entertaining	1
entertainment	2
entertainment,	1
entire	15
entirely	4
entirely.	1
entrance	1
entries	2
entries.	2
entry	4
entry"	1
entry.	1
envelope	3
envelopes	1
enviroment.	2
environment	1
environment,	1
environment.	3
environments	1
environments,	2
environments.	1
eons	1
equal	3
equally	3
equeal.	1
equiepment	1
equipment	8
equipment,	1
equipment.	3
equipped	3
equivalent	2
era	1
erase	1
erased	1
erased.	1
eraser	1
ergg	1
ergonomic	3
ergonomic2.	1
ergonomically	1
ergonomics,	1
ergonomics.	2
ericson	2
ericsson	4
ericsson,	1
ericssons	1
erroneous	1
error	8
error.	2
errors.	1
errr	1
es	4
escape.	1
escaped	2
especially	39
essential	4
essentially	7
estaba	1
establish	1
established	1
estatic	1
este	1
estimated	1
et	2
etc	3
etc).	1
etc)and	1
etc.	29
etc.)	5
etc.,	4
etc..	1
etc..)*You	1
etc...	1
etc.4.	1
etc.5.	1
etc.6.	1
etcOne	1
ethics,	1
ethnical!!!	1
etymotics	1
even	295
even,	1
evening	1
evening.	2
evenly	1
event	2
eventhough	1
events	5
events,	1
events.	1
eventually	6
eventually.	1
ever	115
ever!!!.	2
ever!.	1
ever,	2
ever.	17
ever:1.	1
everday	1
everwhere.	1
every	102
everybody	3
everyday	6
everyday,	1
everyone	26
everyone!	2
everyone!!	1
everyone's	1
everyone,	2
everyone.	3
everything	51
everything!	1
everything!.	1
everything,	4
everything.	6
everythink	1
everytime	5
everywere.Cons:Bigger	1
everywhere	11
everywhere.	3
everywhere6.	1
eveything	1
evidence	1
evident	1
evo	1
ex	1
exact	15
exactly	40
exactly,	1
exactly.	1
exaggerating.	1
exaggeration,	1
examination,	1
example	2
example).	1
example,	11
example.	1
example.Internet	1
example:Me	1
exasperating.3.	1
exceded	1
exceeded	1
exceeds	2
excelent.	1
excell,	1
excellant,	1
excellent	46
excellent!	2
excellent,	9
excellent.	22
excellent.3.	1
excellent.However,	1
excellent.The	1
excellent2.	1
excellent5.	1
excellently.	1
excels	1
except	14
except....	1
excepted.	1
exception	1
exception.	1
exceptional	3
exceptional.	2
exceptionally	2
excessive	3
exchange	19
exchange,	4
exchange.	4
exchanged	11
excited	16
excited,	1
excited.	2
excitement.	1
exciting	1
exciting.	1
exclaim	1
exclude	1
exclusive	1
exclusive..	1
exclusively	1
excruciatingly	1
excrutiatingly	1
excuse	3
excuses.	1
execute	2
executed	1
executed.	1
execution.	1
executive	1
exercise	2
exercising	1
exhortation	1
exist	2
exist.	1
existant!	1
existence.	1
existing	9
exists	1
exit	1
exorbitant!	1
expand	2
expandable	2
expanded	1
expands	1
expansion	2
expansion,	1
expect	26
expect.	6
expect..	1
expect;	1
expectation.	2
expectations	9
expectations,	1
expectations.	7
expected	16
expected!!!!	1
expected!.	1
expected).	1
expected,	2
expected.	26
expected..	5
expected/advertised.	1
expecting	7
expecting.	2
expects	1
expedient	1
expedient.	1
expedite	1
expenditure	1
expense	1
expense.	2
expenses	1
expensive	32
expensive)	1
expensive,	3
expensive.	8
expensive.Give	1
experenced	1
experiance	1
experianced	1
experience	36
experience,	3
experience.	14
experience.The	1
experience:He	1
experienceHis	1
experienced	16
experienced.	1
experiences	6
experiencing	1
experimentation	1
experimented	2
experimenting	2
experimenting,	1
expert	1
expired	1
expired,	2
expired.	1
expires	1
expires.	1
expiring	1
explain	4
explain,	1
explanation,	1
explode	1
explosive	1
export.	1
exposed	3
exposed,	1
exposed.	1
exposing	1
express	3
exspandable.	1
extend	3
extend/re-track	1
extendable	1
extended	22
extended-life	1
extender	2
extending	3
extends	2
extension	3
extensive	1
extensively	1
extent	2
extent.	1
exterior	3
external	23
extra	43
extra!	1
extra.	1
extras	1
extras.Now	1
extreme	1
extremely	38
extremly	1
eye	3
eye.	1
eyes	1
eyes.I	1
f&aacute;brica.	1
fab	1
fabric	1
fabulous!	1
fabulously.	1
face	17
face.	6
faced	2
facemask	1
faceplate	4
faceplate!	2
faceplate.	1
faceplates	4
faceplates,	1
facil	1
facing	1
fact	34
fact,	11
factor	3
factor,	3
factor.	1
factory	6
factory,	1
fad	1
fade	1
fading	1
fail	1
fail-safe	1
fail.	1
failed	9
failed",	1
failed.	4
failed...	1
fails	6
fails!.	1
fails.	2
failure	1
failure,	1
failures	1
faily	1
faint	2
fair	3
fair,	1
fair.	1
fairly	23
fake	2
fake!,	1
fake!.	1
fakes	1
fall	31
fall.	3
fallen	8
falling	13
falling.	1
falls	13
falls.	1
false	8
false!	1
familiar	4
family	16
family.	5
famous	1
famously.	1
fan	13
fanatics	1
fancy	7
fancy,	1
fangled	1
fanny	1
fans	2
fantabulous.	1
fantastic	5
fantastic!	2
fantastic,	2
fantastic.	4
far	104
far!	2
far!!!!	1
far!.	1
far).	2
far,	16
far.	34
far..	2
far....	2
far...Pros	1
far.First	1
far.Longevity	1
far.The	1
farther	1
fashion	2
fashionable,	1
fast	27
fast!	2
fast,	1
fast--within	1
fast.	12
fast.The	1
fast;	1
fastener	1
faster	14
faster,	1
faster.	3
fat	1
fatal	1
father	3
fathom	1
fatigue	1
fatigue,	1
fatigue.	1
fatter.	1
fatty	1
fault	16
fault,	2
fault-	1
fault.	2
fault.B	1
faulty	2
faulty.	1
faux	1
favor	2
favorable	1
favorite	12
favorite,	1
favorites	1
favorites,	1
fear	3
feather.	1
feathers	1
featres.	1
feature	53
feature!	1
feature,	4
feature.	17
feature.-	2
feature.-NEEDS	1
feature.In	1
feature.There's	1
feature.Unfortunately,	1
featured	1
features	63
features,	14
features-	1
features.	22
features..	1
features.CONS	1
feautures,	1
fed	2
fee	8
fee"	1
fee,	1
fee.	1
feedback	5
feedback.	1
feeder	1
feel	65
feel,	4
feel.	1
feeling	6
feeling.	1
feelings.	1
feels	30
fees	2
fees)	1
fees,	3
fees.	2
feet	27
feet),	1
feet).	1
feet,	1
feet.	4
fell	23
fella	1
fellowes.com	1
felt	27
female	1
fetures.	1
few	153
fewer	1
ff,	1
fiance	1
fiance's	1
fiancee	1
fiasco.	1
fiddled	1
fiddling	1
fidelity!.	1
fidelity.	1
fidgeting	1
fields	1
fiends	1
fifteen	1
fight	2
fighting	1
figure	21
figure!).	1
figure.	1
figured	18
figured,	1
figures	1
file	9
file.	1
filed	1
files	16
files,	3
files.	1
fill	2
filled	2
filled,	1
fills	1
film	3
filter	3
final	5
finally	50
finally,	1
finances.	1
find	147
find,	3
find.	5
finding	7
finds	1
fine	85
fine!	1
fine!!.	1
fine).	1
fine,	23
fine.	69
fine..	2
fine...fast	1
fine...it	1
fine.Apparently	1
fine.As	1
fine.I	2
fine.So	1
fine.The	1
fine.Well,	1
finger	9
finger.4.	1
fingernails.	1
fingerprints	4
fingerprints.	1
fingers	3
fingers!.	1
fingers,	1
fingers.	3
finicky	1
finicky.	2
finish	4
finish.	1
finish...(what	1
finished	2
finished.	2
fiqure	1
fire	2
fire.	1
firefly	1
firewire	1
firm	3
firmly	3
firmly,	1
firmware	7
firmware)	1
first	246
first,	17
first-hand	1
first-person	1
first.	12
fishy	1
fit	175
fit!.	2
fit)	2
fit,	12
fit.	30
fit....	1
fit.2.	1
fit.Pairing	1
fit?	1
fits	104
fits,	2
fitted	3
fitted,	1
fitting	10
fitting.	3
five	16
five-star	1
five.	1
fix	16
fix,	1
fixable	1
fixed	9
fixed,	2
fixes	4
fixing	4
flag	1
flailing	1
flakey	1
flakiness.I	1
flaky	1
flaky.	1
flap	10
flap.	2
flash	10
flash,	1
flash.	3
flasher	1
flashes.	1
flashing	4
flashing!	1
flashing.	1
flashy	1
flashy,	1
flat	2
flat!	1
flaw	10
flaw,	2
flaw.	1
flaw...	1
flawed	3
flawed.	2
flawless	1
flawlessly	4
flawlessly.	2
flaws	4
flaws,	2
flaws.	6
flea	1
fleeting	1
flew	1
flexibility.	1
flexible	5
flexible,	1
flexible.	1
flexing	1
flexiskin	1
flicker	2
flicker.	1
flies	2
flight	3
flight,	1
flimsey.	1
flimsily	1
flimsy	14
flimsy,	5
flimsy.	6
flip	33
flip!	1
flip!.	1
flip-phone	1
flip-phones	1
flip-phones,	1
flip-up	1
flip.	3
flipped	4
flipphones.	1
flipping	3
flips	2
fliptop	2
floating	1
floor	2
floor.	3
floow	1
flop	3
flop.	1
floppy	2
flops	1
flow	1
flow!	1
fluff.	1
fluke.	2
flush	2
fly	1
fly.	2
flying	2
flying.	1
fm	1
fn	2
fo	2
foam	7
foe	1
foldables.	1
folded	3
folding	3
folds	3
folds).	1
folks	6
folks.	1
folks.Just	1
follow	5
follow-up	1
follow.	1
followed	6
following	7
follows	1
follows:1.	1
followups	1
fond	2
fone	4
font	2
fonts.	1
fool	2
fool-proof	1
fooled	4
fooling	1
foot	5
foot.And	1
footage,	1
footnote	1
for	2251
for!	2
for!(?).	1
for).	2
for,	8
for.	36
for..	2
for...	2
for....	1
for.Before	1
for.The	1
for?	1
for???	1
for?Anyway,	1
forbid	1
force	2
forced	10
forceed	1
forces	1
forcing	2
foreign	1
foremost	1
forever	7
forever,	5
forever.I	1
forewarned	1
forget	25
forgive	1
forgot	8
forgotten	2
form	15
formal	1
format	3
format,	1
formats	1
formats(and	1
formats)6.	1
formats.	1
formatted.	1
former	6
formerly	1
forth	5
forth.	1
fortunate	1
fortunately	1
fortune	1
forum	1
forum.	1
forums	1
forums.	1
forward	8
forward.	1
forward/back	1
forwarded	2
found	116
found.	3
foundation?	1
founf	1
four	18
fourth	3
fourth,	1
fraction	5
fragile	4
fragile,	2
fragile.	6
fragile....	1
frame	3
frame.	1
frames	1
francisco,	1
freak	1
freak,	1
free	65
free!	1
free"	1
free".	2
free),	1
free,	2
free.	16
free.3.	1
freedom	6
freek,	1
freely	1
freely.	1
freespeak	1
freeway	1
freeway.	1
freewheeling	1
freeze	1
freeze.	2
freezes	7
freezes)	1
freezes.	1
freezing	2
freezing.	1
freinds	1
frequencies	2
frequency	5
frequency?	1
frequent	2
frequently	8
frequently,	2
frequently4.	1
frequentyly	1
fresh	4
fresh.	1
friction	1
fried	1
fried.	1
friend	17
friend!	1
friend'	1
friend's	6
friend.	4
friend.PROS:-	1
friendly	9
friendly).	1
friendly.	7
friends	28
friends'	1
friends,	2
friends.	5
friends/family	1
frightening	1
frills	1
fringe	1
frist	1
frkn	1
frog	1
from	580
from!	1
from,	1
from.	1
fromthe	1
fromthem.	1
front	33
frontier	1
frosted	1
froze	1
frozen	2
frozen.	1
fruitless	1
frustraing	1
frustrated	4
frustrated.	2
frustrated.Sound	1
frustrating	8
frustrating!	1
frustrating.	3
frustrating.Obviously	1
frustration	7
frustration.	3
frustration.Maybe	1
fry	1
ft	6
ft).	1
ft,	1
ft.	2
ft.).	1
ft.,	1
fuctional	1
fuctional.	1
fuel.	1
fugure	1
fulfilled	3
fulfills	1
full	45
full,	3
full-face	1
full-featured	1
full-scale	1
full-screen	1
full-size	1
full-size.	1
full.	1
fully	19
fully,	1
fumbling	1
fun	12
fun!	1
fun!I've	1
fun,	1
fun-we	1
fun.	2
fun..	1
funciona	1
funcitonality	1
function	22
function).	1
function,	4
function.	4
functional	4
functional,	3
functional.	7
functional.But	1
functionality	16
functionality,	1
functionality.	5
functionaly	1
functioned	1
functioning	4
functioning.	1
functions	14
functions,	3
functions.	7
fund	2
funds.	1
funny	3
funny,	1
funtion	1
furhter	1
furious	1
furious.	1
furniture	1
further	1
further.	3
fuse	6
fused	1
fuss.	1
fussing	1
fustrating	1
fustration	1
futile	1
futile.	1
future	3
future!	1
future,	1
future.	4
future.7)	1
fuzzy!	1
fyi	1
gadget	7
gadget.	1
gadgets	2
gadgets,	1
gadgets.	2
gain	1
gain.	1
gallery	1
gamble.	3
game	5
game,	3
game.	2
games	12
games,	3
games.	4
games.10.	1
games.I	1
gaming	3
gaming.	1
gaming/chatting,	1
garage.	1
garbag	1
garbage	2
garbage!!	1
garbage,	2
garbage.	1
garbage....literally.	1
garbage.6.	1
garbled	2
gardening	1
garish	1
gas.	1
gate	1
gateway	1
gave	42
gb	1
gear,	1
geared	1
gears	1
geat	1
geek	1
geek,	1
geek/nerd	1
geeks.	1
geeky	1
gel	5
gel.	1
gels	8
gen	2
general	7
general,	3
general.	2
generally	11
generally.	1
generated	1
generates	1
generation	3
generation.	1
generic	8
generic,	1
genre)	1
genreal	1
gentle-touch	1
gentlemen,	1
genuine	6
genuine.	1
gerat.	1
germophobe!	1
gesturing	1
get	535
get!.	1
get,	1
get.	4
get?	1
gets	56
gets.	1
gett	1
getting	97
getting.	1
ghetto	1
ghost	1
ghost.	1
giant	2
gift	3
gift,	1
gift.	5
gift.....	1
gifts	1
gifts.	2
gig	4
gig.	1
giggle	1
gimmick	1
gimmick.	2
girl	2
girl.	1
girlfriend	6
girlyness.	1
give	80
give!	1
given	24
gives	24
giving	14
glad	23
glad.	1
gladly	2
glare	1
glares	1
glass	3
glass.	1
glasses	7
glasses!	1
glasses,	2
glasses-attachment	1
glasses.	7
glasses......did	1
glimpse	1
glitch	2
glitches.	2
globe.	1
glove	6
glove!.	1
glove,	2
glove.	1
glove..	1
gloves	1
gloves.	1
glow	1
glow,	1
glowing	2
glu-on	1
glue	5
glue.	1
glued	5
go	139
go!	2
go".	1
go,	3
go-to	1
go.	10
go...	1
go.Order	1
goal	3
goals	1
god	3
god,	1
god..	1
goes	43
goes,	2
goes.	1
goes.The	1
going	114
going.	5
gold	4
golf	1
golly,	1
gone	19
gone.	3
gonna	6
good	517
good!	3
good!.	1
good(	1
good)	1
good,	35
good.	73
good..	4
good...	2
good....	1
good...I	2
good.4.	1
good.Here's	1
good.Let	1
good.Mp3	1
good.Now	1
good6.	1
good7.	1
good:Fits	1
good;	1
goodDecent	1
goodlooking	1
goodlooking.	1
goodness.	1
goofy	1
goofy,	1
googled	2
googling	1
gopher	1
gor	1
gorgeous	2
gosh	1
got	316
got3	1
gotta	3
gotten	20
gprs+whifi+bluetooth+windows	1
gr8	1
grab	2
grabbed	1
grabs	1
grace	1
gracious	1
grade	4
grade,	1
grainier	1
grainy	2
grainy,	1
grainy.	1
granny	1
grant	1
granted	1
granted!	1
graphical	1
graphics	3
graphics,	1
graphics.	2
graphite	1
grasp	1
grateful	1
gravity	2
grayed	1
great	431
great!	17
great!!	3
great!!!	1
great!.	13
great".	1
great)	1
great).	1
great,	52
great,and	1
great--stick	1
great.	141
great..	2
great...	2
great...for	1
great...no	1
great...ordering	1
great.2.	1
great.In	1
great.Occasionally	1
great.The	3
great.Then	1
great.There	1
great.This	1
great.but	1
great;	1
greater	4
greater.	1
greatest	3
greatestSprint-	1
greedy	1
green	7
green-green	1
greenish	1
greenish-gray	1
greeting	1
grey	3
grid	1
grief	1
grill	1
grime	1
grip	5
grip!	1
grip.	2
gripe	5
gripe.	1
gripping	1
gripping,	1
grippy	4
grips	2
ground	3
ground).	1
ground.	1
group	2
grown	7
grtting	1
grueso	1
gthat	1
guarantee	1
guarantee.	1
guaranteed	1
guard	1
guards.	1
guess	36
guess!	1
guess.	4
guess..it	1
guessed	1
guessed??.	1
guessing	1
guide.	1
guided	1
guilt.	1
guitar	1
gun	1
gunk	2
gunman	1
guy	3
guy's	1
guy.	3
guys	5
guys!!!!!!	1
guys.	1
guys.And	1
gym	2
h500	4
h500.	1
hack	2
hackintosh.	1
had	674
had!	3
had,	5
had.	20
had...	1
had....	1
had.D	1
hade	1
hadent	1
hadn't	1
haft	1
haha,	1
haha.	1
hahaWell	1
hair	1
hair.	1
half	43
half,	1
half-hlemet	1
half-hour.	1
half.	3
halfway	3
halo	1
halves	1
hand	25
hand,	5
hand-me-down	1
hand.	15
hand.fits	1
handbag	1
handbags.	1
handed"	1
handfree	1
handful	1
handheld	2
handier	2
handle	6
handle,	2
handled	3
handling	2
handling"	1
hands	39
hands-free	15
hands-free!3.	1
hands-free,	1
hands-free.	1
hands-free???.	1
hands-off	1
hands-on	1
hands.	3
handset	12
handset,	3
handset.	5
handsfree	10
handsfree.	1
handsfree/headphone	1
handsome	1
handsome,	1
handspring	1
handy	10
handy,	2
handy.	2
hang	15
hanging	4
hangs	8
hangup	1
happen	5
happen.	3
happened	19
happened,	4
happened.	9
happened?	1
happening	2
happens	4
happens,	3
happens.	2
happens...yet!	1
happier	7
happier.	4
happier...	1
happiness	2
happy	106
happy,	1
happy.	11
happy.Then,	1
hard	91
hard)	1
hard,	4
hard.	1
harder	9
harder!	1
hardest	1
hardier,	1
hardly	14
hardware	7
hardware.	2
hardwired	1
harsh.	1
has	504
has,	2
has...3	1
hasle	1
hasn't	8
hasnt	1
hassle	7
hassle.	4
hassles	1
hassles.	1
hassles.The	1
hat	1
hat.	1
hate	35
hate).	1
hate.	1
hated	4
hates	1
haul.	1
have	1398
have!.	1
have,	2
have.	11
have.Caveat	1
have.I	1
haveCons:1.	1
haveSave	1
havehands	1
haven't	42
havent	4
having	70
having..	1
hb45	1
he	47
he'd	1
he's	3
he/she	2
head	33
head!!	1
head,	2
head.	7
head.The	1
headache	1
headache,	1
headaches	1
headband	1
headbands	1
heading	1
headings.	1
headphone	16
headphone's	1
headphone,	1
headphone.	3
headphones	59
headphones!	2
headphones)	1
headphones)-	1
headphones).	1
headphones,	5
headphones.	11
headphones.That	1
headphones.There	1
headphones.Update	1
headphones.overall,	1
headphones?	1
headpiece	1
headpiece.	1
heads	2
headseat	1
headseat.	1
headset	440
headset!	4
headset!!	1
headset!!!	1
headset!.	1
headset!First,	1
headset!The	1
headset's	2
headset).	1
headset,	39
headset.	128
headset..	2
headset...	2
headset...don't	1
headset...no	1
headset.I	2
headset.It's	1
headset.The	1
headset/	1
headset;	1
headset??	1
headsetJabra	1
headsets	75
headsets!	1
headsets,	7
headsets.	9
headsets.3.	1
headsets.Otherwise:Light-weightThinGood	1
headsets.This	1
hear	201
hear,	2
hear.	9
hearable.3.	1
heard	40
heard,	1
heard.	2
hearing	38
hearing(suprman)	1
hearing)	1
hearing.	4
hears	4
heart	1
heart-beat!	1
heart.	1
heartbeat!!	1
heartedly	1
heatset.	1
heaven	2
heaven.	1
heavier	1
heavier.	1
heavily	2
heavily.	1
heavy	15
heavy,	2
heavy.	7
heavy...it	1
heavyThe	1
heck	6
heck,	1
heck."	1
hefty	2
hehe.	1
height	1
held	9
hell"	1
hell.	1
hello	1
helmet.	3
helmets	1
help	30
help!!	1
help,	2
help.	12
helped	5
helped.	1
helpful	9
helpful,	1
helpful.	8
helpfulBTW	1
helping	1
helping.	1
helps	13
helps!	1
helps,	2
helps.	1
hence	1
hence,	1
her	34
her's	2
her.	2
here	30
here!	2
here's	3
here,	5
here.	10
here..	1
hero	1
herring!	1
hers	3
hers.	1
herself.	1
hesitant	4
hesitate	1
hesitation.	1
hexa	1
hey	2
hey,	2
hey...you	1
hhehehehehhe	1
hi,	1
hid	1
hidden	2
hide	1
hideousness	1
hides	1
hiding	2
higer	1
high	42
high)	1
high,	3
high-end	1
high-pitched	2
high-range	1
high-speed	1
high.	2
higher	17
higher,	1
highest	13
highly	47
highly!	1
highly.	2
highs	1
highway	3
highway,	1
hiking	1
him	11
him.	3
hime	1
hindsight,	1
hinge	8
hinge.	1
hinges	2
hint	1
hip,	1
hip-hop,	1
hip.	2
hip[belt])	1
hire	1
his	32
his.	2
hiss	1
hissing	2
history	3
hit	11
hitch.	1
hits	3
hitting	4
hmmmm	1
hoax.	1
hockey	1
hold	94
hold,	2
hold.	2
holder	10
holder,	2
holder.	8
holder.Regards.	1
holders	2
holding	25
holds	30
holdster.	1
hole	6
hole,	1
hole?	1
holes	10
holes.	1
holidays,	1
holster	27
holster,	4
holster.	10
holster.Actually,	1
home	33
home)	1
home).	1
home,	4
home.	5
home/office/cell	1
homeless	1
homes	1
hometown	1
hometown.	1
hone	1
honest	2
honest,	2
honest.	1
honestly	5
honestly,	2
honesty	1
honesty.	1
honk	1
hook	17
hook),	1
hook,	1
hook-	1
hook.	1
hooked	6
hooks	4
hoop	1
hoops.	1
hope	27
hoped	9
hoped.	4
hoped..	1
hopeful	1
hopeful.	1
hopefully	4
hopeless.PLEASE	1
hopes	5
hopes.	2
hopfully	1
hoping	7
horizontal	4
horizontally	1
horizontally.	1
horn	1
horrendous!	1
horrible	26
horrible!	2
horrible!!!!!	1
horrible!.	1
horrible,	5
horrible.	11
horribly	3
horror	2
hospital	1
hospital.	1
hot	12
hot,	1
hot.	1
hot....	1
hotel,	1
hotmail.	1
hotspot	1
hotsync	1
hottie	1
hour	22
hour,	3
hour.	1
hours	71
hours"	2
hours),	1
hours,	9
hours.	24
hours.Go	1
hours.Normally	1
hours?	1
hoursTHe	1
house	18
house!	1
house(1650sq.ft.	1
house.	12
housing	4
hovering	1
how	126
how?	1
howardforums	1
however	22
however,	31
however.	1
however.The	1
hp	1
hr	1
hr.)	1
hrs	4
hrs"	1
hrs.	6
hs850	1
hsn.com.	1
htc	1
htis	1
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009H7QKQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis	1
huawei	1
huge	17
hum	1
hum/vibrate,	1
humans	1
humans.	1
humming	2
humorous	1
hundred	5
hundreds	3
hung	1
hungry	1
hungry.	1
hunting	2
hunting.	1
hurt	7
hurting	1
hurts	4
husband	16
husband!	1
husband's	5
husband(!	1
husband.	2
hustle	1
hybrid	1
hype	3
hype.	2
hyperlink	1
i	327
i'd	3
i'll	1
i'm	12
i've	14
i)	1
i-500.	1
i-phone	1
i-phone,	1
i.e.	4
i.e.,	1
i205	1
i205's.	1
i305	1
i530	2
i730	3
i730.	1
i760,	1
i830	1
i850	1
i850.It	1
i860	1
i870	2
i875,	1
i880	2
i90	1
i90c	4
i95	1
i95cl	1
iCombi.	2
iGo	11
iGo's	1
iGo--NEVER	1
iH5	1
iHome	3
iPOD	2
iPOD!	1
iPODs	1
iPad	1
iPad,	2
iPad.	2
iPhone	29
iPhone,	3
iPhone.	9
iPod	26
iPod's	1
iPod,	3
iPod.	6
iPod.It's	1
iPods.If	1
iTunes	4
iTunes,	2
iTunes.	2
ia	1
ice	1
icing	4
icombi.	1
icon	1
icons	2
id	4
id's.	1
id,	1
idea	27
idea,	3
idea.	5
idea...	1
ideal	3
identical	4
identified	1
identifying	1
idiot	1
idiot.	1
idle,	1
if	446
iffy	1
ignition	1
ignore	4
ignored	1
ignored.	1
ignores	1
ih5.	1
ihome	2
ill	2
im	7
image	8
image).	1
images	8
images.	1
imagine	10
imagine.	1
imbeded	1
imitation	2
imitation/knockoff.	1
immediately	16
immediately!It	1
immediately".	1
immediately.	6
immediately.2.	1
immediately.The	1
immensely	1
immersing	1
immune	1
impact	1
impaired	2
impedance	1
impede	1
impedes	1
impervious	1
implant.	1
implementation,	1
implementation.	1
implemented	1
implemented.	1
implies),	1
import	1
important	21
important,	1
important.	2
important....	1
importantly	3
importantly,	4
impossible	19
impossible.	5
impractical.	1
impractical..	1
impress.	1
impressed	27
impressed"	1
impressed.	10
impressed...	2
impresses	1
impression	5
impressions	2
impressive	4
impressive!.	1
impressive.	3
impromptu	1
improper	1
improperly.	1
improve	4
improved	9
improved,	1
improved.	1
improvement	10
improvement,	1
improvement.	10
improving	1
in	1477
in!.	1
in"	1
in&quot;	1
in).Works	1
in,	14
in-beded	1
in-between	1
in-car	2
in-ear	2
in-home	1
in-the-ear	1
in.	27
in.5.	1
in.No	1
in4.	1
inability	1
inaccurate	1
inactivity.	1
inadequate	2
inappropriate.	1
inbox	1
incapable	2
inch	4
inches	5
inches.	1
inching	1
incident	1
inclined	1
include	5
include:(a)	1
included	35
included).	1
included.	3
includes	7
including	23
income	1
incoming	14
incompatible	3
incompetance.	1
incompetent.	2
incomplete.	1
inconsistant.	1
inconsistent,	1
inconspicuous	1
inconvenience.	2
inconveniences.	1
inconvenient	2
inconvenient,	1
inconvenient.	1
incorrect	5
incorrect)	1
incorrect,	1
incorrect.	2
increase	12
increased	5
increased,	1
increases.	1
increasingly	1
incrediable.	1
incredible	4
incredibly	7
incurring	1
indaudible.	1
indeed	2
indeed.	1
independantly.	1
indicate	3
indicated	7
indicates	2
indicating	2
indication	1
indicator	5
indistinguishable	1
individual	3
individually	1
individually,	1
indoors	1
indoors.	2
indoors...	1
industrial	1
inelegant.Yes,	1
inept,	1
inevitable	1
inexcusable	1
inexcusable.It's	1
inexpensive	12
inexpensive,	2
inexpensive.	2
inexspensive.	1
infact	1
infatuated	1
inferior	9
inflict	1
influence)	1
info	10
info.	4
info.5.	1
inform	3
information	18
information,	1
information.	2
informed	5
informing	1
infra	1
infrared	2
infrequent	2
infromation.	1
infuriating	1
infuriating.	1
initial	9
initialization	1
initially	8
initially,	1
initiate	3
initiating	1
injects	1
injury	1
injury,	1
ink	1
inn't	1
inner	2
inopportune	1
input	3
input.	1
inquired	1
inquiry	1
inquiry.	1
insane.	2
insanely	1
insert	4
inserted	4
inserted.	1
insertion	1
insertion/extraction	1
inserts	3
inside	43
inside).	1
inside,	3
inside.	5
inside.)	1
insist	3
inspect	1
install	18
install,	3
install.	6
install/	1
installation	8
installation,	1
installation.	2
installation;	1
installed	17
installed,	1
installed.	4
installing	6
installs	1
instance	4
instance).	1
instant	5
instantaneous,	1
instantaneous.	1
instantly	1
instantly,	1
instead	33
instead.	14
instruction	7
instruction.	1
instructional	1
instructions	24
instructions!	1
instructions).	1
instructions,	3
instructions.	8
instrument	2
insulation	1
insult	2
insurable.Phone	1
insurance	1
insurance.	1
insurence	1
insures	1
intact	1
intact,	1
intact.	1
integrate	2
integrated	2
integrating	1
integration	2
intelligent.	1
intelligible".	1
intend	2
intended	7
intended.	3
intends	2
intensely	1
intensive.	1
intent	1
intentionally	1
interchangeable	2
intercom	1
interest	1
interested	3
interesting.	1
interface	18
interface,	1
interface.	5
interfase	1
interfere	6
interference	5
interference,	1
interference.	3
interfering	1
intergrating	1
interior	2
intermittan	1
intermittent	2
intermittently	2
intermittently.	2
interms	1
internal	6
internally,	1
international	9
internet	25
internet)to	1
internet,	2
internet.	4
internet.Bottom	1
internet.Secondly,	1
internetbrowser	1
interrupted	1
interruptions,	1
interrupts	1
interstates	1
interupts	1
intervene	1
interview	1
interviews	1
intimate.	1
into	158
into.	1
intolerable	1
intriguing	1
introduction	1
intuitive	5
intuitive,	1
intuitive.	3
intuitive.I	1
invalid.	1
invaluable	2
invented	2
inverter,	1
invest	3
invested	1
investigated	2
investigating,	1
investment	2
investment.	2
investment.-No	1
investments	1
invisible	1
invoke	1
involved	1
involves	2
involves,	1
ipaq	3
ipaq,	1
iphone	13
iphone,	1
iphone.If	1
ipod	15
ipod!	1
ipod.	6
ipod.The	1
ipod;	1
ipods,	1
iriver	1
ironically,	1
irony	1
irreparably	1
irritated	1
irritated!	1
irritates	2
irritating	1
irritating!BoxWave	1
irritating.	2
irritating2.	1
irritation	1
irritation.	1
is	3229
is!!!!!!!!!.	1
is!.	1
is,	11
is.	13
is...	1
is.............	1
is?	2
iseverything	1
iskin	1
isn't	45
isn't.	1
isnt	4
isolate	1
isolation.	1
issue	26
issue,	5
issue.	8
issue.3.	1
issue.The	1
issued	1
issued.I	1
issues	26
issues.	14
issues....	1
issuesThe	1
it	3307
it!	33
it!!!	2
it!!!!!	1
it!!!!!!!!.	1
it!.	10
it!It	1
it'd	1
it'll	4
it's	331
it's....	1
it)	2
it),	3
it).	5
it).5)Camera	1
it,	100
it.	431
it."	2
it.)2.	1
it.-	1
it..	7
it...	7
it....	1
it...4.	1
it...I'd	1
it...being	1
it...thanks...	1
it..EXCEPT...call	1
it.2.	1
it.4.	1
it.Charged	1
it.First	1
it.I	3
it.It	1
it.It's	1
it.Make	1
it.My	2
it.NO	1
it.On	1
it.Perhaps	1
it.So	1
it.This	3
it.To	1
it.Why	1
it.Would	1
it.You	1
it;	3
it?	4
it?!?!	1
it?.	2
it??	1
it???.	1
itBut	1
it[[ASIN:B0000CEPC8	1
itch!~	1
item	124
item!	6
item!!	1
item!!!!!!!!!!!.	1
item!!!.	1
item)	1
item,	9
item.	39
item..	2
item...	1
items	21
items,	1
items.	1
itemwithin	1
iteself.	1
itme.	1
its	183
its'	2
its's	1
itself	44
itself)	1
itself).	1
itself,	3
itself.	18
itselft	1
ive	5
jabra	4
jabra.	1
jack	17
jack,	2
jack.	6
jack.&quot;	1
jack...	1
jacket	4
jacket,	1
jacks.	1
jail	1
jam	3
jamming	1
java	1
jaw	3
jawbone	4
jawbone,	1
jawbone.	2
jawbone1.	1
jawing	1
jaws	1
jealous	1
jean	1
jean's	1
jels	1
jerry	1
jet	1
jiff.	1
jiggle	2
jingle.	1
jjas.	1
job	29
job,	3
job.	16
job..	1
jog	2
jogging/biking	1
joint	1
joke	1
joke,	2
joke.	3
jostling	1
joy	3
joy.	1
jsut	1
judge	1
juggling	1
juice	2
juice.	1
juice.Highy	1
juiced	1
jumble	1
jumbled	3
jumbo	1
jump	1
jumping	1
junk	11
junk!	4
junk!.	1
junk,	2
junk.	27
junk..	1
junky.	1
just	527
justify	2
k1	1
kINDLE	1
katana	1
kb	1
kb.	1
kc910	1
keen!	1
keep	103
keeper	1
keeping	13
keeping.CONS*	1
keeps	24
kepad	1
kept	37
kernels	1
key	15
key.	5
keyboard	28
keyboard,	3
keyboard.	8
keypad	22
keypad!!	1
keypad,	1
keypad.	1
keypad.4.	1
keypads	1
keys	26
keys,	4
keys.	3
keys.2.	1
keys.The	1
keystroke	1
kick	1
kicking.	1
kid	1
kid's.	1
kidding.	1
kidding.it	1
kiddy	1
kids	5
kids.	3
killed	2
killer	1
killing	1
kills	1
kind	32
kind.	1
kinda	11
kindness.	1
kindof.....	1
kinds	1
kinks.	1
kit	11
kit,	2
kit.	2
kit..	2
kitchen	2
kits	3
kits.	1
kitsw	1
knelt	1
knew	10
knife	2
knives	1
knob.	1
knock	4
knock-ff.	1
knock-off	2
knock-off.	2
knocked	2
knockoff	1
know	128
know).	1
know,	3
know.	5
know...	1
knowing	1
knowledgable	1
knowledge.	1
known	6
knows	3
knows.	1
krazr	1
krzr	1
kyocera	1
la	2
label	2
label,	1
label.	2
lable.	1
labor	2
lack	15
lacking	3
lacking,	1
lacking.	2
lacks	2
ladies	1
lady's	1
laid	1
lake.	1
lame	1
laminated	1
land	7
land-line	1
land-lines,	1
landed	2
landing	1
landline	2
landline.	2
lands	1
language	1
lanterns	1
lanyard	1
lanyard(?	1
lanyard,	2
lanyard.	1
lap	1
lap-typing,	1
lap.	1
lapel	1
laption,	1
laptop	25
laptop,	2
laptop.	7
laptop..	1
laptops	2
large	23
large&backlit	1
large,	1
large.	3
larger	16
larger,	3
larger-than-most	1
largest	1
lassted	1
last	119
last!	1
last,	1
last.	8
lasted	20
lasted.	2
lastest	1
lasting	7
lasts	22
latch	3
late	2
late),	1
late.high	1
lately	1
later	23
later,	3
later.	6
latest	8
latter	2
laughing.	1
law	8
law.	2
lawn	1
laws	2
laws.	1
lawyer	1
lawyers	1
lay	3
layer	1
layerbetween	1
laying	3
layout	1
layout,	1
layout.Cons	1
lays	1
lazer	1
lazy	1
lcd	3
lcd.	1
le	2
lead	1
leading	1
leads	5
leaf	1
leaks	1
leaks.	1
leaning	1
leaps	1
learn	2
learn,	1
learn.	1
learn...	1
learned	3
learned,	1
learning	6
lease	1
least	52
least!	1
least,	1
least.	1
leather	35
leather,	1
leather.	2
leather.BUT,	1
leave	20
leaves	3
leaving	9
lecture	1
lectures,	1
led	2
leeway	1
left	44
left.	2
left/right	1
left/right.This	1
leftside	1
leg	2
leg!	1
leg(it	1
leg,	1
leg.Nice	1
legacey	1
legal	1
legit	1
legs,	1
leieve	1
lemon	1
lemon!.	1
lemon,	1
lemon.	2
lemons	1
lenght	1
length	13
length.	1
lengthen	1
lengths	1
lengthy	1
lenovo	1
lens	2
lens,	1
lense	2
lense.	1
leopard	2
less	85
less!	1
less)	1
less,	1
less.	3
less...	1
less.You	1
lesser	1
lesson	2
let	39
let's	3
lets	8
letter	1
letter.	1
letters	2
letting	4
level	23
level)	1
level.	2
levels	3
levels,	1
levels.	1
lever	1
lg	5
li-I0n	1
li-ion	2
liars	2
lie	3
lie.	1
lied	1
lies	1
life	81
life!	2
life).	1
life,	7
life-span,	1
life.	25
life.)	1
life.7.	1
life;	1
life?	2
lifedrive,	1
lifeless.	1
lifestyle...lots	1
lifetime	3
lifetime,	1
lift	3
lifter	3
lifter.	1
lifts	1
light	78
light)	1
light,	17
light-weight	1
light-weight3.	1
light.	11
light.-	1
light.3.	1
light.Unfortunately,	1
light/flash	1
light?	1
lighten	1
lighter	9
lighter,	2
lighting	5
lighting,	1
lighting.	1
lightly	2
lightning	1
lights	6
lights"	1
lights,	1
lights.	1
lights?	1
lightweght	1
lightweight	12
lightweight,	3
lightweight.	2
lightweight...	1
lightweight.I	1
lightweightSolid	1
likable.	1
like	469
like,	2
like.	6
like:1.	1
liked	32
liked.	4
likee	1
likely	11
likely.	1
likes	6
liking	2
liking.	1
limit	5
limitation	1
limitation.	1
limitations	3
limitations;	1
limited	7
limited(if	1
limited,	1
limited.	2
limiting	1
limiting.	1
limits.	1
limp	1
line	49
line)	1
line,	5
line-in	1
line.	7
line...	2
line...another	1
line.Would	1
lined	2
lines	7
lineup	1
lining	1
link	8
link..	1
linked	1
linking	3
lint,	1
lint-free	1
lint.	1
linux	1
liquid	2
list	10
list,	3
list,voice	1
list.	2
list.Pros:-Pretty	1
listed	6
listed,	1
listen	27
listen.....	1
listen.One	1
listenable,	1
listened	2
listener	2
listener)	1
listening	23
listening.	3
listens	1
listing	4
listings	1
listners	1
lists	5
lists,	1
lit	4
lite	1
literally	5
literally,	2
literally.	1
literate,	1
literate.	1
litigation	1
little	224
little!!!!	1
little,	1
little.	3
live	33
live.	1
lived	2
lives	4
lives.	1
living	7
living.	1
lleg&oacute;	1
lo	1
load	9
load.	1
loaded	4
loading	3
loads	2
loaner	1
lobe	2
local	13
local.	1
locally	3
locally.	2
locate	2
located	4
located.	1
locating	1
location	3
location,	1
location.	2
location..	1
locations	1
locations.	1
lock	12
locked	5
locked,	1
locked-in.This	1
locked.	3
locking	5
locks	5
loctite.	1
log	3
logged	1
logic	1
logitech	3
logo	5
logo).	1
logon	1
lol	1
long	103
long!	2
long,	4
long-term	1
long-wearing	1
long.	11
long..	1
long....	1
longer	47
longer),	1
longer,	1
longer.	6
longer;	1
longerlikely	1
longest	2
longest.	1
longevity	1
look	70
look,	1
look,.	1
look.	6
looked	30
lookin	1
lookin'.	1
looking	114
looking!	1
looking,	11
looking.	3
looking..	1
looking....	1
looks	103
looks!	1
looks'.mp	1
looks,	3
looks.	3
looks..	1
looks...But	1
lookup	1
loop	19
loop.	2
loop/ring	1
loops	4
loops.	1
loose	16
loose,	2
loose.	2
loose...if	1
loosened	2
loosens	1
looser	3
looses	3
loosing	3
los	1
lose	23
loses	3
losing	13
loss	4
loss.	4
losses	1
lost	50
lost,	2
lost.	3
lost.I	1
lot	92
lot!	2
lot's	1
lot,	4
lot.	4
lots	17
loud	53
loud!	2
loud).	1
loud,	7
loud.	4
loud.Glad	1
louder	7
louder!	1
louder.	3
loudest	4
loudest,	1
loudly	3
loudly.	3
loudness	1
loudspeaker	2
lounder!!.	1
lounder.	1
lounge,	1
lousy	5
lousy,	1
lousy.After	1
love	145
loved	22
loved,	1
lover	1
loves	16
loving	4
low	51
low)	1
low,	2
low-low-low	1
low-rates	1
low-tech	1
low.	13
low....	1
low10.	1
lower	9
lowered	2
lowest	3
loyally	1
luck	17
luck&quot;	1
luck'	1
luck,	2
luck.	12
luckily	1
luckily,	1
lucky	7
lugging	1
lure	1
luxury	1
lying	1
lyrics	1
m	1
m&aacute;s	1
m.	1
m1,	1
m100	4
m100,	1
m100.	2
m4a,	1
m515	4
m860	1
mAH	2
mabye	1
mac	1
macbook)	1
machine	5
machine,	1
machine.The	1
machinery.	1
mad	2
maddening	1
made	118
made,	3
made,but	1
made.	17
made?1.	1
magenta	1
magic	1
magical	1
magnet	11
magnet.	1
magnetic	9
mail	18
mail.	6
mailbox	1
mailed	1
mailer,	1
mailing	1
mailing.	1
main	25
mainly	9
mains	1
maintain	4
maintain.	1
maintained	1
maintaining	1
maintains	1
major	20
majority	6
majorly	1
make	165
make,	1
make/receive	1
makes	87
makeup,	1
making	35
male	3
malformed	1
malfunction.	1
malfunctioned	2
mall	2
mall.	1
man	5
man.com.	1
manage	2
manageable.	1
managed	5
management	1
management.Oh,	1
manager.	2
manana.	1
mandates	1
manipulate	1
manipulation	1
manly	1
manner	1
manner.	2
manner.The	1
mannor.	1
mans'	1
manual	8
manual!	1
manual"	1
manual,	2
manual.	1
manual...but	1
manual.3.	1
manual.4.	1
manual.Summary:1)	1
manually	8
manually.	1
manufacture	2
manufactured	4
manufactured.	1
manufacturer	7
manufacturer's	3
manufacturer.	6
manufacturer.I	1
manufacturers	3
manufactures	1
manufacturing	4
many	115
many)	1
many,	2
map.because	1
maps,	2
marginal	3
marginal-	1
marginally	1
margins	1
mark	4
mark.	1
marked	4
marker.I	1
markered	1
market	17
market!	1
market,	1
market.	11
market..	1
marketing	2
marketplace	1
marking	1
markings,	1
marks	1
marks.	1
marriage	1
mart	1
mas	1
mash	1
mass	3
masses	1
masses.Happy	1
massive	4
master	1
mastered	1
match	21
match,	1
matched	2
matches	3
mater	1
material	7
materials	2
materials.	1
materiel	1
math	2
matte,	1
matter	24
matter!	1
matter.	4
matters	4
matters,	1
max	8
max.	1
maximum	1
may	64
may,	1
maybe	38
mb	1
me	422
me!	9
me!!!	1
me!.	1
me,	36
me.	93
me..	4
me....	1
me.....	1
me...something	1
me.After	1
me.EDIT	1
me.In	1
me.Save	1
me.That	1
me.The	1
me.why	1
me?	1
me?.	1
me?.."	1
mean	13
mean,	1
mean.	1
mean.Better	1
meaningless	1
means	20
means,	3
means.	2
meant	9
meantime,	1
measure	1
measures	1
measuring	1
mechanism	7
mechanism.The	1
med	1
media	5
medical	2
mediocre	4
mediocre.	2
medioker	1
meet	4
meeting	3
meeting.	1
meetings,	1
meets	1
mega	4
megabytes	1
megaphone.....	1
megapixel	3
megapixels,	1
megipixel	1
megs.	1
mejor	1
mejores	1
melody	1
member	2
member.	1
membrane,	1
memorize	1
memory	29
memory!	1
memory"	1
memory,	3
memory.	5
memory.What	1
memory?	1
men.	1
menos	1
mentality.Great	1
mention	13
mentioned	12
mentioned)	1
mentioned,	5
mentioned.	1
menu	12
menu's	1
menu(the	1
menu,	3
menu.	2
menue	1
menue.	1
menues.	2
menus	8
menus!6.	1
menus,	2
menus.	2
menus.The	1
merchandise	1
merchandise.I	1
mere	2
merger	1
merging	1
mess	8
mess.	1
message	18
message".	1
message,	4
message/free	1
message;	1
messages	6
messages!	1
messages,	3
messages.	3
messages.The	1
messaging	9
messaging.	3
messaging9.	1
messed	1
messes	2
messing	3
met	4
metal	14
metal,	1
metal.	2
metallic	3
metel	1
meter	4
meter,	1
metering,	1
meters	1
meticulously.	1
metro	2
mhz	1
mi	3
mic	20
mic,	5
mic.	7
mic.I	2
mice	1
michelle	1
micro	10
micro-SD	2
micro-USB	1
micro-fiber	1
micro-sd,	1
micro.	1
microSD	2
microUSB)	1
microphone	25
microphone,	1
microphone.	3
microphone;	1
microsoft)!	1
mics.	1
mid	2
mid-	1
mid-conversation.	1
mid-level	1
middle	15
middle.	1
midget.	1
midi	1
might	52
mike	8
mil	2
mil-spec.	1
milage	1
mild	1
mile.I	1
miles	4
miles/yr.	1
millimeter	1
million	2
million.	1
min,	1
min.	2
min.2.	1
min.pin	1
mind	12
mind.	4
minds	1
mine	47
mine!	1
mine)	1
mine)!	1
mine,	3
mine.	5
mine...	1
mine.It's	1
mine;	1
mines?	1
mini	12
mini-USB	2
mini-laptop.	1
mini-usb	1
miniA++++	1
minikit.	1
minimal	10
minimal,	1
minimize	2
minimum	1
mininum	1
minolta	1
minor	15
mins	5
mins,	1
mins.	1
minus	3
minus.	1
minuses	1
minute	7
minute.	2
minutes	51
minutes,	7
minutes.	19
minutes.MAJOR	1
minutes.Your	1
minuts	1
mirror	1
mis	2
mis-shapen	1
misadvertisement	1
misc.	1
miserably;	1
mislabeled	1
mislabelled	1
misleading	3
misleading.	5
misled	1
miss	4
miss.	1
missed	14
missing	8
missing.	1
mission!	1
misspellings	1
mist	1
mist.	1
mistake	9
mistake!	2
mistake.	6
mistakes	1
mistyped	1
misused	1
mitigate	1
mitigating	1
mix	1
mixed	2
mixing	1
mixture	1
mm	6
mmmmm	1
mobile	24
mobile)	1
mobile.	1
mode	12
mode"	1
mode)	1
mode,	3
mode.	4
mode."	1
mode5.	1
model	52
model!!!	1
model)	1
model).	1
model,	4
model.	10
models	11
models,	1
models.	3
models.The	1
modem	4
modem,	1
modem.	4
moderate	3
modes	1
modest	1
modification,	1
modify.	1
module	1
module.	1
moisture	3
molded	3
mom	4
moment	3
moment.	2
moment.Maybe	1
moments.	1
money	81
money!	4
money!!!!	1
money!.	6
money's	2
money).	1
money,	7
money.	86
money.-	1
money..	1
money..!	1
money...	1
money....	2
money...doesn't	1
money.Dave	1
money.Thomas	1
money?	1
money]	1
moneys	1
monitor	2
monitor.	1
monkey	2
monkey's,	1
monkeys	1
mono	2
mono.	2
monster	1
monstrous	1
month	66
month!!	1
month's	1
month,	9
month-long	1
month.	16
month??	1
monthly	3
months	118
months!	2
months'	1
months,	11
months.	41
months..	3
months....	1
months......tried	1
months;	1
months?	1
monthsVZ	1
mood	1
more	294
more!!!!	1
more).	1
more,	5
more.	21
more...	1
more.Exterior	1
more.I	1
more?Larry	1
morning	6
morning,	3
morning.	2
morning.3.	1
morre	1
most	110
most,	4
most.	2
most.2.	1
mostly	12
mother	3
mother-in-law	1
moto	1
motor	1
motorcycle	2
motorhome.	1
motorola	41
motorola!	1
motorola).	1
motorola,	2
motorola.	3
motorola.3.	1
mount	7
mount.	1
mountain	1
mounted	4
mounting	3
mouse	2
mouth	11
mouth.	3
mouthpiece	2
mouthpiece,	2
move	25
move.	2
moved	5
movement	1
movement.	2
movements.	1
movie	2
movie.Good	1
movies	1
movies),	1
movies.	1
moving	10
mowing	2
mp3	20
mp3,	1
mp3-type	1
mp3/ringtone	1
mp3/video	1
mp3PRO	1
mp3player	1
mp3s	2
mp3s,	1
mp4	2
mph	1
mph!).	1
mph.	1
msg	2
msg.	1
msword	1
mu	1
much	240
much,	5
much-hyped	1
much.	16
much...so,	1
much.I've	1
muffle	1
muffled	1
muffled,	1
muffled.	3
muffles	1
muffling,	1
mulitple	1
multi-function	3
multi-tasking.	1
multimedia	1
multimedia,	1
multiple	15
multitude	1
music	49
music,	7
music.	8
music.Overall,	1
music/	1
must	54
must-have	1
mute	9
mute.	1
mutiple	1
muy	1
my	2123
myDragon	1
myFaves	1
myrateplandotcom	1
myriad	1
myself	19
myself)	1
myself,	3
myself,but	1
myself.	5
myself.I	1
mysteriously	1
mysteriously.	1
mystery	2
n	1
nail)	1
nails	1
nails,	1
name	17
name!	1
name"	1
name,	4
name.	6
name.5.	1
named	1
names	2
nano	5
nano.	1
nap	1
narrowed	1
nasty	1
national	3
native	1
naturally	1
naturally.I'm	1
nav-pad,	1
naviPlay	1
navigate	2
navigate,	1
navigating	1
navigation	2
near	21
near/at	1
nearby	2
nearly	14
neat	3
neat-o)	1
neat.	1
neat.things	1
neater	1
neatest	1
neatly.	1
neccessary.	1
necessarily	1
necessary	13
necessary,	2
necessary.	3
necessity	1
necessity.	1
neck	4
neck,	1
neck.	2
neck.We	1
neckband	1
need	139
need,	1
need.	5
need..	1
need.I	1
need.Tip	1
need;	1
need?.	1
needed	58
needed!.	1
needed".	2
needed)	1
needed,	3
needed.	13
needing	5
needless	2
needs	47
needs.	3
needs.Handsfree	1
negative	21
negative.	1
negatively	1
negatives	2
negatives.	3
negotiation	1
neighors,	1
neither	12
neither.	1
neoprene	4
neoprene.	1
nerds,	1
nerdy	1
nervous	1
nesseary.	1
net	4
net.	1
net10	1
netted	1
network	12
network).	2
network,	2
network.	6
network.A	1
networks	2
networks.	2
neutral	1
never	154
nevertheless,	1
new	269
new"	1
new)	1
new)*easy	1
new,	6
new.	13
new...	1
new.NOT!	1
newbattery	1
newer	9
newest	1
news	5
news!!!.	1
news.	1
next	48
next,	1
next.So,	1
nextel	11
nextel.	6
nexus	2
nice	128
nice!	1
nice,	9
nice.	14
nice;	1
nicely	10
nicely,	2
nicely.	5
nicer	5
nicer,	1
nicer.	1
nicest	1
nifty	2
nifty,	1
night	13
night,	5
night.	7
night.4.	1
nightly	1
nightmare	1
nightmare.	1
nights	1
nights,	1
nightstand	1
nine	4
nintysix	1
nit-picking	1
nite	1
niw	1
nixed	1
no	401
no,	2
no-brainer	1
no-phone	1
no.	3
no.,	1
nobody	1
nod	1
noggin	1
noice	1
noise	54
noise)	1
noise,	6
noise-cancelling	1
noise.	19
noise..	1
noise...This	1
noise.All	1
noise.It	1
noises	2
noises,	1
noisey	1
noisiest	1
noisy	10
noisy,	1
noizefree	1
nokia	20
nokia,	1
nominal	2
non	7
non-Motorola	1
non-adhesive	1
non-bluetooth	2
non-branded	2
non-descript	1
non-flip).	1
non-music	1
non-oem	1
non-salvageable	1
non-slip	1
non-standard,	1
non-swivel	1
non-technophile	1
none	16
none-the-less.	1
none.Automatic	1
nonrefundable.	1
nonsense	1
noon	1
nope.Well	1
nor	15
normal	31
normal.	4
normally	6
not	1476
not!.	1
not)	1
not,	8
not-as-advertised..	1
not-completely-true	1
not-so-sensitive	1
not.	28
not...	1
not.2.	1
not.=	1
not.Great	1
not?.	1
not??	1
not?Overall,	1
notDO	1
notch.	1
notches	1
note	16
note,	1
note.	1
noteably	1
notebook.	1
noted	4
noted,	2
notepad	1
notes,	2
notes.	1
nothing	63
nothing,	1
nothing.	10
noticable	2
notice	14
notice,	1
noticeable	3
noticeable,	1
noticeable.	1
noticeably	1
noticed	17
noticed,	1
noticed.	2
noticing	2
notification	1
notifying	2
now	175
now!)	1
now,	27
now.	46
now.'	1
now.I	1
now.People	1
now?.	1
now???	1
nowhere	1
nub,	1
nuff	1
number	60
number,	5
number.	14
number.I'm	1
numbers	19
numbers,	3
numbers.	4
numbers.The	1
numbers/email	1
numbers/recieved/missed.	1
numbingly	1
numerous	12
nursing	1
nutcase.	1
nuts.	1
nuts?	1
nyc	1
o	2
o.k.	1
obligated	1
obscured.	1
observations	2
observe	1
observed	1
observing	1
obsessed...	1
obsession	1
obstacles	2
obstacles.	1
obstruction	1
obtain	1
obtained	1
obtrusive	1
obtrusive,	1
obtrusive.	1
obviating	1
obvious	3
obvious.	2
obviously	6
obviously.	1
occasional	4
occasionally	6
occasionally.	1
occassionally	1
occassions,	1
occastional	1
occupied,	1
occurance	1
occured	1
occured.	1
occurred	1
occurs	3
odd	6
odd,	1
odd..	1
odd.Second,	1
odds	1
odor	1
oem	2
of	2031
of)	1
of,	1
of.	1
ofcouse	1
off	202
off!	5
off!!!	1
off!!.	1
off!.	1
off"	1
off").	1
off)	2
off,	16
off----	1
off-brand	1
off-white	1
off.	67
off."	1
off.Dont	1
off.I	1
off?	1
offender.	1
offensive.	1
offer	16
offer!	1
offer,	1
offer.	1
offered	7
offering	3
offerring	1
offers	7
offers.	4
office	17
office,	4
office.	3
office.I	1
offices	1
official	3
ofit	1
often	16
often).	1
often,	3
often.	4
often6.	1
oh	3
ohms,	1
oil	1
ok	16
ok,	6
ok.	3
ok.3)	1
ok.3.	1
okay	10
okay,	6
okay.	7
okay.As	1
okay;for	1
ol'	1
old	131
old)	1
old,	4
old-fart	1
old.	3
old...	1
older	13
older!	1
ole	2
oly	1
on	1331
on!	3
on!!	1
on!.	1
on,	28
on-ear	2
on-line	1
on-off	2
on.	45
on...	1
on....5	1
on.3.	1
on.5.	1
on.I'd	1
on.My	1
on/off	10
on/remove.	1
on3.	1
on?	1
onboard	1
once	61
once!	1
once,	5
once-turn	1
once.	1
once.The	1
one	701
one!	8
one!!!.	1
one!-	1
one!.	2
one!This	1
one!When	1
one".	1
one's	5
one)	2
one,	21
one,but,	1
one-handed	2
one-handed.	1
one-hit	1
one-piece	1
one-size-must-fit-someone	1
one-year	2
one.	105
one..	4
one...	2
one....	2
one.....	1
one......ooops	1
one...I'm	1
one...VERY	1
one.Each	1
one.Problems:1.	1
one.So	1
one.Speech	1
one/two	1
one;	2
one?	2
oneAccessoryOne	1
ones	26
ones,	1
ones.	10
ones?2.Volume	1
online	24
online-	1
online.	3
online3.	1
only	399
only,	3
only.	9
only.I	1
onlytested	1
onto	13
oozes	1
open	33
open).	1
open,	7
open.	2
open.I	1
open.the	1
opened	12
opened,	2
opening	10
openings	1
opens	1
opens,	1
opera	1
operate	6
operate--especially	1
operate.	3
operated	3
operated.	1
operates	3
operating	5
operation	5
operation).	1
operational	1
operator	1
opinion	7
opinion)	2
opinion,	4
opinion.	6
opinion.My	1
opinion;	1
opinionYes	1
oportunity	1
oposite	1
opportunity	1
opposed	1
opposite	3
opposites	1
opt	3
opted	3
optics.	1
optimal	1
optimistic	1
optimized,	1
optimum	1
opting	1
option	20
option,	2
option.	5
option.2.	1
optional	2
options	18
options,	1
options.	5
options;	1
or	535
orange	1
order	52
order,	2
order.	8
order.)	1
ordered	88
ordered,	1
ordered.	6
ordered.ThanksGurlon	1
ordering	11
ordering,	1
ordering.	1
ordering.The	1
orders	2
ordinarily	2
ordinary	1
ordre	1
organizational	1
organized!.	1
organized.	2
organizer	3
organizer,	1
organizer.The	1
orginal	4
orientation	1
oriented	1
oriented,	1
original	89
original!.	1
original.	8
original.Initial	1
originality,	1
originally	10
originally.	2
origional	1
orignal.	1
orjust	1
ost	1
other	322
other's	2
other,	3
other.	3
others	44
others!	2
others,	5
others-AT&amp;T,	1
others.	8
others..	1
others.....	1
otherside	1
otherwise	6
otherwise,	1
otherwise.	1
otside	1
ounce	1
our	44
out	388
out!	1
out)	1
out),	1
out,	20
out-	1
out-matched	1
out.	57
out...	1
out....	2
out....just	1
out..etc	1
out.5.	1
out.The	1
out.There's	1
out.Threw	1
out2.	1
out?	1
outage	1
outcome	1
outcome,	1
outcome.	1
outdated	2
outdone.	1
outdoor	2
outdoors	5
outdoors.	1
outer	4
outershell	1
outfit.	1
outgoing	6
outgoing,	1
outlasted	1
outlet	5
outlet,	2
outlet.	3
outlets).	1
outlets.	1
outline	1
outlook	3
outperform	1
output	7
output,	2
outrageous	1
outs	1
outside	25
outside,	4
outside.	4
outstanding	4
outstanding,	1
outstanding-	1
outstanding.	2
outter	1
outwards.	1
outweigh	1
outweighs	1
over	163
over!.	1
over,	3
over-charged.	1
over-ear	1
over-the-ear	2
over-the-head	2
over-wrote	1
over.	3
over:1.	1
overage	1
overall	22
overall!.	1
overall,	5
overall--speaker	1
overall.	5
overcoming	1
overcompensates	1
overdriven	1
overhead	2
overlook	2
overly	4
overnight	3
overnight,	3
overnight.	2
overnite	2
overpaid	1
overpopped	1
overpowered	1
overpriced	2
overpriced,	1
overpriced.	1
override	2
overseas	1
overseas.	1
oversized	1
overwhelming	1
overwhelming.	1
owen	1
owes	1
own	48
own)	1
own,	1
own.	7
own.I	1
owned	35
owned(this	1
owned).	1
owned,	3
owned.	25
owned...that	1
owned.Its	1
owned.Rosemary/Port	1
owner	2
owner's	3
owner...you	1
owners	2
owners.	3
owning	3
oz).	1
oz.	1
p	1
pack	10
pack&quot;	1
pack.	2
package	19
package,	5
package.	12
package;	1
package?	1
packaged	3
packaged,	2
packaged.	2
packaged?	1
packages	5
packages.	1
packaging	13
packaging!	1
packaging,	2
packaging.	4
packed	2
packet	2
packing	2
packs	1
pad	10
padded	3
pads	7
pads.	1
page	6
page,	1
page.	1
pager	1
pages	2
paid	41
paid,	1
paid.	4
paided	1
paiing	1
pain	10
pain!	1
pain.	4
painful	3
painful.	1
painfully	2
painless!	1
pains	1
painstaking	1
paint	4
pair	34
pair,	1
pair.	2
paired	28
paired,	1
pairing	26
pairing,	1
pairing.	1
pairs	5
pairs,	1
palm	9
palm.	2
palm/outlook	1
palmOne	2
palmTreo	3
palmtop/camera/cellphone,	1
panel	4
pantech	1
pants	8
paper	3
paper.	1
paperweight!.	1
paperweight.	1
par	1
par.	2
para	2
paragraph.	1
parent	1
parents	2
parents,	1
paring	1
parking	1
part	56
part,	4
part.	7
part:Reception	1
parted	1
partially	4
participate	1
particles	2
particular	18
particularly	1
particulary	1
parties	1
parties.It	1
partner	1
parts	11
parts,	1
parts.	1
party	10
party's	1
party.	3
pass	5
passable.	2
passed	5
passed,	1
passes,	1
passing	1
passion!!!!!	1
passive	1
password	1
password,	1
past	19
past,	1
past.	3
paste	1
pasted	2
patch	1
patch,	1
patch.	1
patches	1
path	2
pathetic	1
patience	1
patient	1
patient,	1
patiently	2
pattern	1
pause	3
pavement	1
pay	84
pay-as-you	1
pay-as-you-go	1
pay.	2
payed	1
paying	18
payment	2
pays	2
pc	6
pc's	1
pc.	2
pcm	1
pcs	1
pda	4
pdf,	1
pdfs	1
pea	1
peachy	1
peachy-keen.	1
peak	1
peanuts	1
pearl	8
pearl.	2
pearls	1
pearly	1
peel	2
peeled,	1
peeling	1
peeling,	1
peice	2
pen	8
pen's	1
pen.	2
pendant.	1
pending	1
penetrate	1
pennies	1
pennies.	1
penny	3
penny!	2
penny.	1
penny...highly	1
pens,	1
peny.	1
people	142
people!	1
people,	5
people.	5
peoples	2
per	14
per-minute	1
percent	1
percent?	1
percentage	1
perchance	1
perchasing	1
perfect	52
perfect!	4
perfect,	7
perfect.	22
perfect...	1
perfect....	2
perfectamente,	1
perfection!	1
perfection...but	1
perfectionist	1
perfectly	34
perfectly!	5
perfectly,	7
perfectly.	22
perfectly..	1
perfectly..luv	1
perfectly.My	1
perfecto	1
perforated	1
perform	6
perform.	1
performance	15
performance,comfort,	1
performance.	6
performed	8
performer.	1
performing	2
performing,	1
performs	6
perhaps	9
perhaps,	1
period	16
period,	2
period.	7
periodically	2
periodically.	1
periods	7
periods.	1
peripherals	1
permanent	3
permanently	1
permit	4
permitting	1
persisted	1
persists	1
persists.	1
person	41
person's	1
person(e.g.	1
person,	1
person---that's	1
person.	4
personal	7
personal,	1
personalise	1
personalize	1
personalized	1
personally	4
personnel	1
persons	1
perspective,	1
perspective.	1
pertinent	2
peso.	1
pest	1
petrudes	1
pevent	1
ph	2
phase.	1
phasing	1
phat"	1
phenomenal	1
phenomenal,	1
phobe	1
phone	1892
phone!	19
phone!!	3
phone!!!	2
phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	1
phone!!!.	1
phone!!.	1
phone!.	11
phone!I	1
phone".Update	1
phone's	25
phone's,	1
phone).	2
phone*Great	1
phone,	190
phone-	1
phone--	1
phone--you'll	1
phone-but	1
phone.	506
phone.)	1
phone..	4
phone...	4
phone...'nuff	1
phone....	1
phone....it	1
phone...ANY	1
phone...and	1
phone...but	1
phone...few	1
phone.3.	1
phone.4.	3
phone.5.	1
phone.7.	1
phone.8.	1
phone.Bad	1
phone.Battery	1
phone.Bottom	2
phone.DO	1
phone.Fell	1
phone.Has	1
phone.I	2
phone.My	1
phone.P.S	1
phone.PROS	1
phone.Signed	1
phone.The	6
phone/device	1
phone/headset	1
phone/pc.	1
phone/pda's	1
phone3.	2
phone:PROS:1.	1
phone;	6
phone?	5
phone?)	1
phone?This	1
phonebook	4
phonebook,	1
phonebook.	2
phonebut	1
phonecall	1
phonecall.	1
phoned	1
phonefeels	1
phones	155
phones(all	1
phones).	1
phones)2.	1
phones,	31
phones.	44
phones..	1
phones....	1
phones.3.	1
phones.4.	1
phones.EDIT	1
phones.I	1
phones.Pros	1
phones.The	1
phones.We	1
phones/PDAs,	1
phones/mp3	1
phones;	1
photo	9
photo's	1
photo).	1
photo,	1
photo.	1
photos	13
photos,	4
photos.	1
phove	1
physical	2
physically	3
physics	1
physics.3.	1
piano	1
pic	2
pick	15
pick-me-up	1
picked	12
picking	2
picks	7
pickup	1
pickup.	1
picky	2
picky.	1
pics	4
pics,	2
pics.	1
picture	32
picture,	5
picture,sound	1
picture.	7
pictured	5
pictured.	3
pictured..	1
pictures	40
pictures!Having	1
pictures,	9
pictures.	4
piece	101
piece!"	1
piece,	2
piece.	7
piece/	1
pieces	16
pieces,	1
pieces.	3
pile	1
pilot	1
pin	5
pinch	2
pinch.	1
pink	11
pins	1
pins,	1
piolt	1
pioneer,	1
pipes,	1
pisses	1
pist.	1
pitch	1
pitched	2
pitiful	1
pixel	4
pixeled?	1
pixels	1
place	39
place!	1
place,	1
place.	19
placed	24
placed.	2
placement	3
placements.	1
places	10
places!	1
places!).	1
places,	1
places.	4
placing	7
plactic	1
plague!	1
plagued	1
plain	7
plainly	1
plainly-	1
plan	32
plan!	1
plan,	7
plan.	6
plan...however,	1
plane	1
planet.	1
planned	3
planner	1
planning	5
plans	11
plans,	1
plans.	4
plantronics	11
plasic	1
plastic	49
plastic,	3
plastic.	8
plasticy	1
plate.	1
plates	1
platform	2
platform,	1
play	30
play/pause	1
playback	1
playback.	2
played	9
played.	1
player	33
player!	1
player's	2
player).	1
player,	10
player.	16
player.THE	1
player/amfm	1
player??	1
playerThe	1
players	3
players.	1
playes	1
playing	9
playing!	1
playing,	1
plays	5
playstation	1
pleasant	8
pleasantly	6
please	16
please).	1
please,	1
pleased	35
pleased,	1
pleased-	1
pleased.	15
pleasing	1
pleasing.	1
pleasure	3
pleasure,	1
pleather	1
plenty	14
pliars	1
pls	2
plug	68
plug).	1
plug,	1
plug-and-play	1
plug-in.	1
plug.	4
plugged	45
plugging	2
plugin.	2
plugs	7
plugs,	1
plugs.	1
plummet.	1
plunge!"	1
plus	19
plus,	2
plus.	7
plus....the	1
pluses	1
pluses.	1
pm	1
pocket	46
pocket!	1
pocket,	15
pocket-clip	1
pocket-pc	1
pocket.	20
pocket.5.	1
pockets	4
pockets).	1
pockets.	1
podcasting,	1
podcasts	1
podcasts,	1
point	26
point,	6
point.	2
point.-	1
point;	1
pointed	3
pointer	1
pointless	2
pointless.	2
points	1
points.THE	1
poke	1
polar	1
polarity.Now	1
policy	4
policy,	1
policy.	3
polished	2
poor	61
poor)	1
poor,	3
poor.	15
poor3.	1
poorest	1
poorly	18
poorly,	1
pop	9
pop-out	1
pop.	2
popcorn,	1
popcorn.	1
popping	3
pops	3
popular	2
populated	1
port	22
port,	2
port.	1
port3.)	1
portable	3
portable,	1
portion	4
portions	2
portraits	1
ports	4
ports,	2
position	6
position,	1
position.	4
positioned	2
positioning	1
positions	3
positive	12
positive,	1
positive.	2
positives	2
positives,	1
possesed	1
possibilities.	1
possibility	3
possible	11
possible)	2
possible.	2
possibly	5
post	4
postage	1
postage.	1
postal	2
posted	5
posted,	1
poster	1
posting	2
posts	1
posts).	1
potential	4
potential,	1
potentially	2
pouch	22
pouch-style	1
pouch-type	1
pouch.	3
pouches,	1
pouches.	1
pound	1
pour	1
pouring	2
power	63
power,	1
power-ons.	1
power-saving	1
power.	4
powerXtender	1
powered	8
powerful	2
powerful.	1
powerful?	1
powering	6
powers	1
ppc	1
ppl	3
pr	1
practical	2
practical),	1
practical.	1
practicality	1
practicality.	1
practically	7
practically,	1
practice	2
practice.	1
pragmatic	1
pre-charged).	1
pre-installed.	1
pre-paid	2
precio	2
preconfigured.	1
predictive	2
prefer	15
prefer.	2
preferably	1
preference	1
preference.	1
preferences	1
preferred	2
prefers	1
preform	1
premium	1
prepaid	10
prepare	1
prepared	4
prepared.	1
preparing	1
prepay	1
preppy	2
presence.	1
present	1
present!	1
present.	1
presentation	1
presented	1
presents	1
preset	1
presets	1
press	32
press,	2
press.	4
pressed	7
presses	2
pressing	9
pressure	10
pressured	1
presumably	1
preteens	1
pretence.	1
pretentious,	1
pretry	1
prettier	1
pretty	127
pretty!!!	1
pretty,	3
pretty.	2
prevent	9
prevents	5
previous	33
previous,	1
previously	5
previously.	1
previstolos	1
price	148
price!	10
price!!	1
price!!!.	1
price!.	2
price($115)	1
price,	28
price-point	1
price.	84
price..	9
price...	1
price....	1
price...cant	1
price.At	1
price.I	1
price.Niloufer	1
price.Sandisk	1
price;	1
price?	1
priced	17
priced!	1
priced,	1
priced.	1
priced.Con's,1.	1
prices	3
prices.	1
pricey	2
pricey,	2
pricey.	2
pricing	3
pricy	1
primarily	2
primary	7
prime	1
principle.	1
print	4
print,	2
printed	1
prints	4
prior	10
priority	1
priority,	1
priority.	1
priority:1)	1
privacy	1
privacy.	1
private	2
privately	1
prize	1
pro	5
pro,	1
pro.	1
pro/con	1
probably	48
probelm	1
problem	151
problem!	1
problem!Price	1
problem,	16
problem.	43
problem..I	1
problem.2.	1
problem.Speaker	1
problem?	1
problematic.	1
problemo.	1
problems	108
problems!	2
problems,	2
problems.	47
problems..	1
problems.1st.	1
problems.I've	1
problems.Quite	1
problems;	1
problwem	1
procedure	1
procedures,	1
proceed.	1
proceeded	1
process	13
process,	1
process.	5
processing	2
processing.	1
processor	2
processor,	1
procrastinator	1
proctective	1
prodcut,	1
produce	4
produce,	1
produced	2
producer	1
produces	3
producing	1
producing?	1
product	321
product!	11
product!!!!!	1
product!!.	1
product!.	2
product').	1
product)	2
product,	36
product,amazing	1
product--works	1
product.	156
product."	1
product..	2
product...	1
product....	1
product.....	1
product.1)	1
product.Cons	1
product.Highly	1
product.I	1
product.It	1
product.You	1
product2.	1
product;	1
product?.	1
product[mobile	1
production	1
productivity.	2
producto.	1
products	34
products!	1
products!.	1
products,	3
products.	8
products..	1
products...not	1
products/great	1
professional	4
professional".	1
professional,	1
professional.	1
profile	2
profile,	2
profile.	1
profit	3
profit.	1
profits	1
program	5
program'	1
program.	2
program...the	1
programed	1
programmable	1
programming.	1
programs	3
programs.	1
programs/software	1
progressively	1
project	1
prolonged	3
promess	1
promise	1
promised	7
promised,	2
promised.	9
promises	2
promo	1
promotes	1
promotion.	1
promotions	1
promply	1
prompt	5
promptly	5
promptly.	2
prone	3
prong	1
prong,	1
prongs	4
pronto.	2
proof-of-concept	1
proof.	1
proper	6
properly	10
properly,	7
properly.	11
proposition.	1
proprietary	3
proprietary.	1
propriety	1
pros	3
prospective	2
protect	20
protected	9
protected.	3
protecting	2
protection	14
protection,	1
protection.	6
protection.LOL	1
protectionThe	1
protective	6
protective,	1
protecton	1
protector	22
protector!	1
protector,	2
protector.	3
protector?.	1
protectors	6
protectors,	1
protectors.	1
protects	9
protegerlo	1
protocol	1
protrude	1
protrudes	1
protruding.	1
proud	1
proved	1
proven	3
proves	2
provide	16
provide.	1
provided	17
provided,	3
provided.	4
provider	2
provider's	1
provider.	5
providers	1
providers).	1
providers.	1
provides	7
provides!	1
provides).	1
provides.	1
providing	2
pruchased	1
ps3	1
ps3,	1
pss	1
psyched	1
public	2
public,	1
puck,	1
pudgy	1
puff	1
pull	17
pulled	5
pulling	2
pulls	2
pump	1
pumping	2
pun	1
punch	1
punched	1
punching	1
pup	1
puposes	1
puppies	1
puppy	1
purcahsed.	1
purcashed	1
purchase	71
purchase!	3
purchase,	3
purchase-	1
purchase.	30
purchase..	1
purchase.But,	1
purchase.My	1
purchase.Thanks	1
purchase.Unfortunately,	1
purchased	147
purchased!	1
purchased,	1
purchased.	5
purchases	5
purchasing	14
purchasing,	1
purchasing.	1
purchesed	1
pure	4
purge	1
purple	2
purpose	13
purpose,	1
purpose.	4
purpose...an	1
purposes	2
purposes.	1
purse	11
purse,	3
purse.	4
purse.Here's	1
purses.	1
push	19
push.	1
pushbuttons	1
pushed	6
pushing	6
put	109
put,	3
put.	3
puting	1
puts	2
putting	21
quad	1
quadband.2.	1
quadriplegic	1
quailty	1
qualifies	1
qualities	1
qualities.	1
quality	291
quality!	1
quality!.	1
quality).	2
quality,	24
quality.	66
quality..	2
quality.Could	1
quality.I	1
quality.Thank	1
quality.The	2
quality.product	1
quality/Poor	1
quality2.	1
quality;	1
qualitywhat	1
qualm.	1
quarter	1
que	3
quest	2
question	5
question.	2
questions	1
questions,	1
questions.	1
quick	22
quick!	2
quick,	4
quick.	8
quick.Thanks!	1
quick/easy	1
quicker	1
quickly	30
quickly,	9
quickly.	21
quickly.2.	1
quiet	16
quiet!!!.	1
quiet).	1
quiet,	1
quiet.	3
quiet.-You	1
quiet..	1
quiet.Please	1
quietly	1
quirk	1
quirks.	1
quit	9
quite	78
quite.	1
quits	3
quits.	1
quote:Thank	1
qwerty	2
radio	20
radio,	4
radio.	4
radios	1
raging	1
rain	1
raise	2
raised	2
raises	1
ram	2
ran	4
random	5
random.	1
randomly	6
randomly.	1
rang	1
range	28
range!	1
range,	6
range.	7
range...	1
ranges	2
ranging	1
rapid	2
rapidly	2
rapido	2
rare	2
rarely	6
rat	1
ratcheting	1
rate	18
rate--it's	1
rate.	2
rated	10
raters	1
rates	1
rates.	1
rather	37
rating	13
rating,	1
rating.	6
rating.)	1
ratings	1
ratings,	1
rattle	2
rattled;	1
rattles	1
rattles.	1
rattling	2
rave	2
raving	1
raw	1
raw,	1
razor	7
razor,	1
razr	16
razr,	4
razr.	4
razr.they	1
razrs	1
rcvd	1
re	3
re-added	1
re-charge	1
re-charging.	1
re-dial	1
re-dial.	1
re-enable	2
re-enter	1
re-pair	1
re-paired	2
re-pairing	1
re-rip	1
re-set,	1
re-solder	1
re-use	1
re-writing	1
reach	11
reached	3
react	1
reaction	3
reaction!	1
reactions	2
reactivated	1
reactivating	1
read	62
read,	2
read.	1
readable.	2
readily	1
reading	24
reading,	1
reading:=	1
readjust	1
readme	1
reads	2
ready	8
real	38
real-world	1
realistically	1
realities	1
reality,	1
realize	11
realized	13
realizing	1
really	263
really,	1
really.	1
realy	2
reapplication.	1
rear	3
reason	35
reason,	9
reason.	14
reasonable	8
reasonable.	1
reasonably	11
reasonably.	1
reasoning.	1
reasoning....but	1
reasons	9
reasons,	2
reasons.	2
reasons.1.	1
reasons.The	1
reasons:1)	1
reasons:1.	1
reasons:1.)	1
reassembled	1
reassured	1
reassuring	1
reassuringly,	1
rebate	9
rebate.	1
rebates	1
reboot	1
rebooting	1
reboots.Overall,	1
rebuild	1
rec'd	1
recall	4
recall.	1
recalled	1
reccomend	7
reccomendation	1
reccomended	1
reccommend	3
reccommend.	1
reccommend..does	1
receipt	3
receipt.	4
receiption	1
receipts	1
receive	17
receive.	2
received	111
received.	2
receiver	3
receiver.	1
receiving	18
recent	6
recently	22
recently,	2
recently.	1
receptacle	1
reception	81
reception,	7
reception--way	1
reception.	20
reception.2.	1
reception.A	1
reception.This	2
reception.needless	1
reception/sound	1
reception?	1
receptive	1
recessed	1
rechargable	1
recharge	21
recharge.	4
rechargeable	2
recharged	1
recharged.	1
recharged.So	1
recharger	1
recharges	1
recharging	4
recharging)	1
recharging.	3
recibido	1
recieve	10
recieve.	1
recieved	13
reciever	3
recieving	2
recive	1
recognise	2
recognition	9
recognition.	2
recognizable,	1
recognize	13
recognized	5
recognized...."	1
recognizes	2
recomend	8
recomend.	1
recomended.	1
recomendo	1
recommend	169
recommend!!	1
recommend,	1
recommend.	12
recommendation	2
recommendation.	2
recommended	17
recommended!	3
recommended),	2
recommended.	11
recommended.Very	1
recommending.Hint	1
recommends,	1
recommendthis	1
recommened	1
recommened.	1
recomment	1
reconditioned	3
reconnect	2
reconnect,	1
reconnects	1
reconnects.	1
record	6
record,	2
recorded	2
recorder	1
recorder,	1
recorder.	1
recording	5
recording,	2
recording.	2
recordings	1
records	4
recover	2
recovered	1
recption	1
recreation	1
rectangle	1
rectangular	2
rectified	1
recurring	1
recurring.	1
recycled.	1
red	18
red).	1
red,	2
red/blue	1
red;	1
redeeming	1
redesigned.	1
redial	2
redial,	2
redials	1
rediculous.	1
redsidue	1
reduce	3
reduced	2
reduces	1
reduction	5
reduction"	1
reduction.	1
reeached	1
refer	2
refered	1
referral	1
referral.	1
referred	2
referrer	1
refine,	1
refined	1
refinements	1
reflecting	1
reflection	1
refreshed	1
refreshingly	1
refub	1
refund	15
refund,	1
refund.	13
refunded	1
refundes	1
refurb	2
refurbish.	1
refurbished	7
refurbished.	2
refurbished."	1
refuse	1
refused	5
refused.	2
reg.	1
regained	1
regard	1
regard,	1
regard?	1
regarding	6
regardless	8
regards	1
registation	1
register	2
register.	1
register.2.	1
registered	2
registering.	1
registration	1
regret	9
regretably	1
regrets.	1
regrets;	1
regretted	2
regular	22
regularly	1
regulating	1
regulatory	1
regulatory.	1
reimburse.	1
reimbursed	2
reinforce	1
reinstall	3
reinstall,	1
reinstalled	1
reiterate	1
rejected	1
rejects	1
rejoin	1
related	5
relation	1
relationships	2
relative	2
relatively	9
relatives	1
release	5
release.	3
released	5
released,	1
released.	1
releases	2
releasing	1
relevance	1
reliability	1
reliability.	1
reliable	14
reliable,	4
reliable.	3
reliably,	1
relieved	1
relly	1
reluctant	1
reluctantly	1
rely	2
remain	4
remainder	1
remained	2
remaining	1
remains	1
remains.	1
remanufactured.	1
remark	1
remarkable	2
remarkably	1
remarked,	1
remedy	2
remember	11
remember,	1
remember.	1
remembering	1
reminders	1
reminders,	1
remorse	1
remorse""	1
remorse.	1
remote	9
remote's	1
removable	1
removable.	1
removal	3
removal.	1
remove	22
removeable	1
removeable.	1
removed	11
removed,	1
removed.	2
remover.	1
removes	1
removing	8
render	1
rendering	4
renders	2
renew	1
renoir...	1
reoccure.Bottom	1
rep	8
rep,	2
rep.	1
repair	6
repair,	1
repair.	5
repair/replacement.	1
repairPro:1.	1
repairable	1
repaire.	1
repaired	3
repaired.	1
repairs.	1
reparte	1
repeat	1
repeat.	1
repeated	6
repeatedly	3
repeater	1
repeating	1
repeats,	1
repeller.	1
repetitive	1
replace	50
replace.	3
replace.Easy	1
replaceable	3
replaced	34
replaced!	1
replaced).	1
replaced.	7
replacement	80
replacement).	1
replacement,	9
replacement-same	1
replacement.	30
replacement.Second	1
replacement/backup	1
replacementr	1
replacements,	1
replaces	2
replacing	14
replacing!	2
replacing,	1
replacing.	2
replacing.Very	1
replacment	1
replica	1
replied	1
replies	1
reply	3
reply.	1
report	3
reported	9
reported.	1
reporting	1
reporting,	1
reports	2
reposition	1
repositioning	1
representative	1
representative.	1
representatives	2
represented,	1
reprogrammed)-	1
reps	3
reps.	1
reputable	1
reputation	1
request	6
request.	1
request."	1
requested	3
requesting	1
require	7
required	8
requirement	1
requirements	2
requires	9
requires.	1
requiring	2
rescind	1
rescue	1
research	14
research,	2
research.	4
researched	2
researched,	1
researched.	1
researching	3
reseller	1
resellerratings	1
resembles	2
reservation.	1
reset	15
reset.	1
resets,	1
resets.	1
reship)	1
residue	1
resistant	1
resistence	1
resold.	1
resolution	5
resolution,	1
resolution.	6
resolve	1
resolve.	1
resolved	1
resolved,	1
resolved.	2
resort	1
resort.	1
resource.	1
resources.	1
respect	2
respect.	1
respects.	1
respond	3
respond.	4
respond.We	1
responded	2
responded,	1
respones.	1
response	9
response,	2
response.	4
responsed	1
responses	1
responses,	1
responsibility	1
responsible	1
responsive	1
resson.	1
rest	8
restart	3
restarted	2
restarted.	1
restaurants	1
resting	1
restocking	3
restore	1
restricted	2
rests	3
result	5
result,	2
result.	1
result;	1
result?	1
resulted	1
resulted.	1
resulting	3
results	6
results!	2
results,	1
results.	4
results..	1
resume	1
resumed	1
retail	9
retail.	1
retailed	1
retailer	1
retailer.	1
retain	1
retained	1
retired	2
retiring	1
retract	3
retractable	7
retracting	1
retracts	1
retrieve	1
retrofit	1
retrospect,	1
retune	1
returing	1
return	79
return!.	1
return,	1
return.	9
return...)	1
return/refund	3
return/replacement	1
return?	1
returned	49
returned.	3
returning	21
returning.	2
returns	1
returns.	2
reused	2
revamped	1
reverse	3
reverse.	1
reversed	1
reverses	1
reversible	2
reversible.	1
revert	1
reverted	1
reverting	1
review	40
review!	1
review,	2
review.	16
review...	1
review...feel	1
reviewed	2
reviewer	6
reviewer.	1
reviewers	11
reviewers).	1
reviewers,	1
reviewers.	2
reviewing	2
reviews	57
reviews!	1
reviews)	1
reviews).	1
reviews,	11
reviews.	22
reviews?.	1
revolution.	1
rewards	1
rewiew	1
rewind	1
rewind/fast	1
rhythmic	1
ribbon	2
rich	2
rid	3
ride	2
ride.	1
rider/passenger	1
ridiculas-	1
ridiculous	6
ridiculously	1
riding	1
riding,	1
rig	2
right	109
right!	2
right,	5
right-click.	1
right.	15
right.2.	1
right.3.	1
right?	4
rightfully	1
rigid	1
rigid)	1
riingtones	1
ring	31
ring,	1
ring.	2
ring...and	1
ringer	8
ringer.	1
ringers,	1
ringing	5
ringing,	1
ringing.	1
rings	4
rings,	2
rings.	2
rings/alarms	1
ringtone	6
ringtone,	1
ringtone.	2
ringtone?	1
ringtones	24
ringtones!	2
ringtones".	1
ringtones,	4
ringtones.	9
ringtones...it	1
rip	2
ripoff	3
ripoff!	1
ripoff.	1
ripped	9
rise	1
risk	10
risk,	2
risky.	1
road	18
road!	1
road,	2
road-worthy.	1
road.	2
roam	5
roam.	1
roaming	6
roaming,	1
roaming.	1
roaming?2.	1
roamming	1
robbery!!!	1
robot.	1
robots?)	1
robust.	2
rock	3
rock!	1
rocketed	1
rocks	2
rocks!	3
rocks.	2
rogue	1
roles.	1
roll	6
roll!!	1
roof	3
roof,	1
room	16
room".	1
room,	2
room.	4
rooms	3
rope.5.	1
rotate	4
rotates	1
rotates,	1
rotates.	1
rotating	1
rough	4
roughly	5
round	3
round.	1
rounding	1
route,	1
routine).I've	1
routine,	1
routing.	1
row	4
royal	1
rub	1
rubbed	1
rubber	9
rubber-like	1
rubber.	2
rubber/petroleum	1
rubberized	2
rubbing	3
rubs	1
ruby	1
rugged-duty	1
rugged.	2
ruined	1
ruined.	2
rule	1
rumors	2
run	20
run--	1
run-down.	1
run.	1
run.)	1
running	17
running.	4
runs	8
rural	6
rush	1
rzr	1
s	4
s&h	1
s***	1
s.f.	1
s710	1
s9	1
sacrifice	3
sacrificed	1
sacrificing	1
sad	1
sad.	1
safe	5
safe,	1
safely	1
safer	1
safer.	1
safety	4
safety!	1
safety,	1
said	77
said!	1
said"Well,	1
said,	15
said.	2
said...	1
said...I	1
said?	1
sailing.	1
sale	7
sale.	1
saleperson	2
sales	7
salesman	3
salesperson	1
salty	1
same	166
same,	3
same.	6
same.Here's	1
samll	1
samsung	18
samsung,	1
samsung--after	1
samsung...crap.....	1
samsungs,	1
san	1
sand	1
sandisk	2
sans	1
sanyo	2
sanyo.	1
sat	5
satellite	1
satisfaction.	1
satisfactorily	1
satisfactory	4
satisfactory.	1
satisfied	20
satisfied-overall.	1
satisfied.	7
satisfy	2
satisfying	1
satisfying.	1
satisifaction	1
satisifed	1
satisified.	1
satysfied	1
save	17
save.	1
saved	14
saved,	1
saver	2
saves	5
saving	3
savings	1
savvy	2
saw	14
say	133
say'	1
say)	1
say)...but	1
say,	14
say.	5
say:CACA!	1
say?	3
say?.	1
say?They	1
saying	15
saying!	1
saying,	1
saying.	9
says	47
says,	3
says.	2
says:"Getting	1
scala-500	2
scala-500.The	1
scale	2
scales.	1
scam	1
scams,	1
scar	1
scare	1
scaring	1
scarp	1
scarred	1
scary	1
scary.	1
sceen	1
scene	1
scene,	1
scenes	1
scepticle	1
schedule	2
schedule.)	1
scheduling	1
scheduling,	1
school	5
school,	1
school.	2
scoop	1
scooter,	1
score	1
scores,	1
scotch	1
scout	1
scp	1
scramble,	1
scrapes.	1
scratch	9
scratch,	1
scratch-off	1
scratch.	1
scratch...	1
scratched	12
scratched,	2
scratched.	2
scratches	23
scratches.	2
scratches..is	1
scratches.AccessoryOneCondition	1
scratches.Thanks,Regards,Raghu	1
scratching	1
scratchy	1
scream	1
screen	148
screen).	1
screen*Great	1
screen,	9
screen.	32
screen.-Durable.	1
screen.This	1
screen4.	1
screen;	1
screens	6
screens,	1
screens.	1
screensaver	1
screw	4
screwed	3
screwed.	2
screwing	1
screws	1
screwy.	1
scroll	8
scroll.	1
scrolling	1
scrubs	1
scrunched	1
scuba	1
scuffed	1
scuffs	2
sd	9
sd,	1
sd3.	1
sea	1
seach	1
seal	1
seald,	1
sealed	4
seam	2
seamlessly	1
seams	1
seams.	1
search	18
search.	1
searched	4
searching	6
searching,	1
seat	5
seat.	1
seat.)	1
seatbelt	1
seated	1
seated.	1
seawater	1
sec	2
second	73
second,	1
second.	1
secondary	1
seconds	10
seconds,	2
seconds.	14
secs	1
section	1
section.	1
sections	1
secure	10
secure,	4
secure.	7
secured	2
secured..	1
secured.Please	1
securely	10
securely.	2
securing	1
security	3
security.	1
securly	1
see	84
see!	1
see.	4
see...	1
seeen.	1
seeing	6
seek	1
seeking	1
seem	39
seemed	27
seems	89
seems.	1
seen	25
seen,	1
seen.	3
seen.Now	1
sees	3
segments	1
seldom	1
select	6
selected	1
selection	3
selection,	1
selection.	3
selections.	1
self	2
self.	1
sell	17
sell.	1
seller	41
seller!!	2
seller!!.	1
seller's	2
seller,	7
seller.	9
seller...	1
seller.They	1
sellers	5
sellers.	1
selling	9
selling.	1
selling?	1
sells	5
sells.	1
semi	2
semi-secure,	1
semi-translucent.	1
sence	1
send	52
send.11.	1
sending	21
senior	1
sense	5
sense,	1
sense.	4
sensible.	1
sensitive	8
sensitive.	5
sensitivity	1
sensitivity,	1
sensor	2
sensor.	1
sent	58
sent,	1
sent.	1
separate	6
separated	3
separated.	1
separately	2
separately,	2
separately.	4
seperate	2
seperated	2
serial	1
serial,	1
serice	1
series	7
series.	1
serious	3
serious!	1
seriously	6
seriously,	1
seriously.	1
seriously...I	1
serv.	1
serve	1
serve.The	1
served	4
server	2
servers	1
serves	3
service	141
service!	3
service!!!.	1
service!.	2
service,	13
service.	65
service..	2
service.First,	1
service.PHONE-	1
service.Top	1
service;	1
service?.	2
services	5
services,	1
services.	4
set	85
set,	3
set-up	1
set-up.	1
set.	9
setback.	2
setbacks.	1
sets	7
sets.	1
setting	9
setting).	2
setting,	3
setting.	4
setting.Overall,	1
settings	5
settings,	4
settings.	3
settle	1
settled	1
setup	8
setup.	1
seven	3
several	66
several,	1
severe	1
severe.	1
severely	1
sevice	1
sex	2
sexy	3
sexy.	1
sexy..	1
sh-----	1
shabbily	1
shabby	1
shade	1
shades	1
shady	1
shaft	1
shafted	1
shake	2
shaking	2
shall	1
shame	2
shape	6
shape.	1
shape/size.	1
shaped	1
share	1
sharing,	1
sharing.	1
sharp	7
sharp,	2
sharp.	1
sharpness.	1
shattering.	1
she	42
she'd	1
she's	3
shear	3
sheath.	1
sheer	1
sheesh!	1
sheet	2
sheets	2
sheets.	1
sheilded	1
shell	3
shelves.	1
sherbet	1
shield	2
shields	1
shift	1
shifting	1
shifting,	1
shifts	1
shimmering	1
shine	2
shines	1
shinny	1
shiny	4
shiny--not	1
ship	12
ship,	1
shipment	4
shipment.	3
shipped	33
shipped.	1
shipper	1
shipper,	1
shipper.	1
shipping	51
shipping!	1
shipping!.	2
shipping)	3
shipping).I	1
shipping,	8
shipping.	15
shipping?	1
shipping~!	1
shippment	2
ships	3
shirt	6
shirt,	1
shnazzy	1
shocked	1
shoot	2
shoot,	1
shooters	1
shooting,	1
shop	1
shoping	1
shopped	1
shopper,	1
shopping	3
shopping.	4
shops	1
short	38
short).	1
short,	8
short-cut	1
short-lived	1
short-lived.	1
short.	7
shortcoming-	1
shortcoming.	2
shortcomings.	1
shortcomings.Pros:1.	1
shortcuts	2
shorted	3
shorter	2
shortest	1
shortly	2
shortness	1
shorts	1
shorts.	1
shot	4
shot.	5
shots	1
shots,	1
shots.	1
should	127
should've	1
should.	6
should...it's	1
should.Excellent	1
shoulder	2
shouldn't	6
shouldnt	1
shouldve	1
shouln't	1
shout	1
shouting	1
show	12
show,	1
show.	1
showed	4
showing	5
showing,	1
showing.	1
shown	5
shows	10
shows.	1
shuffle,	1
shuffling	1
shut	21
shut).	1
shut.	1
shuting	1
shuts	8
shutter	1
shutting	3
sick.	1
side	58
side!.	1
side,	7
side.	12
sidekick	2
sidenote,	1
sides	9
sides,	1
sides.	2
sides..worth	1
sidewalk,	1
sidewalk.	1
sideways	1
sideways.	1
sigh	1
sight	2
sight.	1
sight.Cons	1
sign	4
sign.	1
signal	59
signal!	1
signal!!	1
signal*No	1
signal,	2
signal.	11
signal..	1
signal...	1
signal.Other	1
signals	5
signals.	2
signed	5
significant	5
significantly	3
signifigant	1
signing	3
signs	1
silence	2
silence.	1
silent	7
silent.	1
silicone	5
sill	1
silver	7
silver)	1
silver,	1
silver.	3
silverish	1
sim	7
similar	14
similar.	1
similarities	1
similiar	1
simple	45
simple,	5
simple.	6
simple...	1
simple.This	1
simple/contemporary	1
simpler	1
simpler.	4
simplicity.	2
simplier	1
simplistic.	2
simply	33
sims	2
simulate	1
simultaneously	1
simultaneously.	1
simultaneously.COMFORT/FITI	1
simultaneously.That's	1
since	80
since.	10
since....*There	1
sinces	1
singal	1
single	11
singles;	1
sink.	2
sins"	1
sister	4
sister);	1
sit	13
site	14
site(	1
site,	4
site.	5
site.DO	1
sites	2
sites.	2
sits	6
sitting	13
situatations	1
situated	2
situated.	1
situation	3
situation,	2
situation.	3
situations	1
situations.	1
situations:1.)	1
six	11
six?	1
size	46
size!!!.	1
size,	5
size.	11
size..	1
size;	1
sized	9
sizes	7
sizes.	1
sizes.4)	1
sizzling	1
skeleton.	1
skeptic	1
skeptical	13
sketchy	1
skid	1
skills	2
skimp	1
skin	11
skin-tight	1
skin;	1
skins	1
skip	4
skipped.	1
skipping	1
skype	2
slant	1
slash	1
sleek	10
sleek,	5
sleek.	6
sleek.-Huge	1
sleeker	1
sleekest	1
sleep	2
sleeper.Oh	1
sleeve	1
slence.	1
slick	4
slick.	2
slid	3
slide	10
slide-out	1
slide.	1
slider	4
slider.	1
slides	1
slides)	1
sliding	4
slighly	1
slight	9
slightest	6
slightly	18
slighty	1
slim	13
slim,	4
slim.	1
slimline	1
slimmer	1
slimmer,	1
slip	16
slipped	3
slippery	1
slippery,	1
slippery.	1
slipping	3
slipping.	1
slips	7
slips.	1
slit	1
slits	1
sloppy	1
slot	2
slot)	1
slot,	2
slot.	1
slow	12
slow,	6
slow.	8
slow..I'd	1
slower	4
slowly	2
slowly'	1
slows	1
sluggishly	1
slvr's	1
sm	1
smae	1
small	88
small,	12
small.	9
small?	1
smaller	17
smaller,	3
smaller.	1
smallest	6
smallest,	1
smart	11
smarter.	1
smartphone	5
smartphone.	4
smartphone:PROs:1.	1
smartphones	1
smasung	1
smell	3
smell.	2
smells	1
smidge	1
smile	1
smileys,	1
smoke	1
smoking.	1
smooth	7
smooth...for	1
smoother.	1
smoothly	1
smoothly.	2
smudge	1
smudged	2
smudges	1
smuges.	1
snag	1
snagging	1
snail	1
snails	1
snakes,	1
snap	12
snap!	2
snap,	4
snap-on	1
snap.	1
snapped	7
snaps	9
snaps.2.	1
snazziest	1
snazzy	1
sneak	1
snooze	1
snow	1
snug	9
snug,	2
snug.	2
snuggly	1
snugly	7
snugly.	4
snugly..	1
so	641
so!	1
so,	9
so-called	2
so-so	2
so.	11
so..	1
so....	1
so.PRO	1
so.Yes,	1
socket	1
socket.	2
sockets	1
soft	9
soft,	1
soft.	1
soft;	1
softest	1
softner,	1
software	84
software""	1
software,	4
software.	18
software......	1
software.I	1
softwares	1
solar	6
solarpanels.	1
sold	18
sold,	2
sold.	1
solder	1
soldered.	1
solid	19
solid,	1
solid.	3
solution	12
solution!	1
solution,	1
solution.	5
solution.My	1
solution?	1
solve	2
solved	4
solved-Nice	1
solved.	1
some	186
some).	1
some.	4
somebody	3
someday	1
somehow	6
somehow,	1
somehow.	1
someone	38
someone's	1
someone,	2
someone.	1
someones	1
somethin.	1
something	85
something!	1
something,	3
something.	7
sometime.4.	1
sometimes	33
sometimes,but	1
sometimes.	3
somewhat	15
somewhere	3
somewhere--maybe	1
somewhere.	2
son	10
son's	2
son-in-law	1
son.	2
song	3
song,	1
song/rintone	1
songs	11
songs).	1
songs,	2
songs.	3
sonny	1
sony	15
sony)	1
soo	3
soon	22
soon)	1
soon.	7
soon.One	1
soon;	1
sooner	1
sooner,	1
sooner.	3
sooo	1
soooo	3
sooooo	1
sophisticate	1
sore	1
sore.	1
sorry	3
sorry!	1
sorry,	2
sorry.	2
sorry....	1
sort	13
sort-of	1
sort.	1
sorta	1
sorting	1
sorts	2
soul	1
sould	1
sound	291
sound,	17
sound-proof	1
sound-wise.	1
sound.	23
sound;	1
sound?	1
sounded	20
sounded.	2
sounding	3
sounds	36
sounds,	1
sounds.	3
source	2
source,	1
source.	2
sources	1
space	6
space,	3
space.	1
space.2.	1
space;	1
spaceball.	1
spaces	1
span	1
spanking	1
spare	6
spare.	1
spares)	1
spares).	1
spazz	1
speak	10
speak!	1
speak.	1
speaker	59
speaker!.	1
speaker,	6
speaker-phone	1
speaker.	6
speaker/mic	1
speakerin	1
speakerphone	20
speakerphone).	1
speakerphone,	1
speakerphone.	2
speakerphone2.	1
speakerphone;	1
speakers	11
speakers,	1
speakers.	5
speaking	12
speaks	1
spec	2
special	8
special.	2
specialist.	1
specially	3
specific	2
specifically	5
specifically,	1
specification.	1
specifications.	1
specifics	1
specified	2
specify	2
specs	4
specs,	1
specs.	1
spectacles,	1
spectacular	1
spectacular,	1
spectacular.	1
spectrum	1
speech	1
speed	11
speed,	1
speed.	3
speeds	2
speedy	1
speedy.	1
spees,	1
spell.	1
spellings	1
spells	1
spend	20
spend.	1
spending	5
spends	1
spent	15
spent!.	1
sperate	1
spin	1
spit	1
spite	3
splashproof,	1
split	3
splitter	1
spoiled	5
spoke	5
sponge	1
spool,	1
spool.	1
sporadic	1
sportier	1
sports	2
sports,	1
sports.	1
spot	7
spot,	1
spot.	4
spot."2.	1
spots	4
spotty	4
spring	9
spring,	1
spring-loaded	1
sprint	9
sprint)	1
sprint),	1
sprint.	1
sprints	1
spruce	1
spy.	1
sq	2
square	1
squat.	1
squeal.	1
squeeze.	1
squeezes	1
stabilizes	1
stable	3
stable.	2
stable.I	1
staff	2
stains.	2
stairs	1
stairs,	1
stamp	2
stamped	1
stand	21
stand-alone	1
stand-by	2
stand.	2
stand.After	1
standard	24
standard.	2
standardize	1
standardized	1
standards	1
standards.	2
standards......	1
standby	16
standby,	1
standing	4
stands	3
star	22
star"	1
star).	1
star,	1
star.	4
star...	1
star.I	2
star?	1
staright	1
staring	1
stars	38
stars!	2
stars)	1
stars).	1
stars,	5
stars.	9
stars.Still,	1
stars.The	1
starstruck	1
start	29
start,	1
start.	2
started	48
started.	2
started.TL;DR	1
starter	3
starting	8
starts	13
starts/pauses,	1
state	9
state,	1
state.	2
stated	12
stated.	3
statement	2
statement.	1
states	5
states.	1
static	34
static,	5
static-city..	1
static-like	1
static-y	1
static.	17
staticky	1
staticy	2
staticy.	1
stating	2
station	11
station.	2
stationary,	1
stations	4
stations,	1
stations.	2
stations.2.	1
status	1
status.	2
stay	64
stay.	1
stayed	3
staying	2
stays	21
stead	1
steady	1
steady,	1
steal	1
steal.	2
stealth	1
stearing	1
steel	1
steep	3
steer	2
stellar	1
stellar.	1
step	9
stepped	3
steps	4
stereo	21
stereo,	2
stereo.	2
sterio	1
stero	1
steroids.	1
stick	14
stick-on	1
stick.	3
sticker	5
sticker.	1
stickers	2
stickiness.	1
sticking	3
sticks	3
sticky	4
stiff	4
stiff.	1
still	211
still!!	1
stingy	1
stinks!	1
stinks.	3
stirty	1
stitches	1
stitching	1
stitching,	1
sto	1
stock	6
stock"	2
stock,	3
stock.	4
stocking	2
stolen	3
stolen!	1
stolen).	3
stolen,	1
stolen.	1
stong	1
stoopid,	1
stop	11
stop.	1
stop....They	1
stopped	44
stopped.	2
stopper	1
stops	7
stops.	3
stopwatch	1
storage	9
storage,	1
storage.	4
storage?	1
store	44
store,	5
store.	22
stored	4
stored.	1
storefront.	1
stores	9
stores,	2
stores.	3
stories	2
story	3
story.	1
story...	1
story.......the	1
stout.Sound	1
stowaway	1
straight	16
straight.	1
straightforward.	2
strain	1
strain.	1
strange	4
strange,	1
strange.	1
strangest	1
strap	9
strap.	4
strapped	1
straw	2
stream	2
streamer,	1
street	1
street.	1
street."	1
strength	4
strength!!	1
strength,	1
strength.	1
strength...	1
stress	7
stretch	3
stretchy,	1
strewn	1
strictly	1
strikes	1
strikes.	1
strikes?	1
striking	1
string	3
string.	1
strip	1
stripes	1
stripped	1
strong	28
strong!	1
strong,	3
strong.	2
strong."	1
stronger	1
stronger.	1
strongly	11
strongly.	1
struggle	1
struggle.	1
struggles	1
struggling	1
stuck	27
stuck!	1
stuck.I	1
student	1
students'	1
studio	1
study	1
stuff	10
stuff)	1
stuff,	1
stuff.	8
stuff...)	1
stuff.on	1
stuffer.	2
stumbled	1
stunning	1
stunning.	1
stupid	8
stupid-looking	1
stupid.	1
sturder.	1
sturdiness	2
sturdy	16
sturdy,	8
sturdy.	5
style	24
style!	1
style,	1
style.	4
style?????	1
styles	2
styles).3.	1
styles.	1
styli?	1
styling	2
stylish	11
stylish,	2
stylish.	4
stylus	17
stylus.	2
stylus.really	1
stylus/touchscreen	1
sub	1
sub-models.	1
sub-par.If	1
subject	1
subjected	1
subjective)Camera	1
subjects.	1
sublime.	1
submerged	1
subscribers,	1
subscription	1
subsequently	1
subset	1
substance	2
substance.	1
substandard	1
substitute	1
subtract	1
suburban	1
success	6
success.	3
successful	1
successfully	1
such	48
such.	1
such.TR	1
suck	4
suck,	1
suck.	2
sucked,	1
sucked.	1
sucker	3
sucker.Found	1
sucks	8
sucks!.	1
sucks,	1
sucks,they	1
sucks.	7
sudden	2
sudden,	1
sudden.	1
suddenly	4
suddenly,	1
suddenly.	2
suffer	2
suffered	2
suffers	2
suffice.4.	1
sufficient	2
suficientemente	1
suggest	11
suggested	6
suggestion	3
suggestions	1
suicidal	1
suit	3
suit.B.	1
suitable	3
suited	1
sum	3
summary,	1
summer	1
summer,	1
summer.	2
sun	2
sung	1
sunglasses	1
sunglasses,	1
sunglasses.	1
sunlight	3
sunlight.	1
sunlight.2.	1
sunlight4.	1
sunshades.	1
sunshine	1
super	19
super!	1
super.	1
superb	2
superb!	1
superb,	3
superb-	1
superb-people	1
superb.	1
superfast.	1
superglue.	1
superglued	1
superior	8
supertooth	2
supervisors	1
supplied	4
supplied.	1
supplier	4
supply	2
supply.	2
support	41
support!.	1
support"	1
support,	4
support.	14
support..	1
supported	6
supported.	5
supported?	1
supporting	2
supports	5
suppose	10
suppose.	2
supposed	34
supposedly	6
supposively	1
suppossed	1
suppressing	1
supress	1
suprise.	1
suprised	2
suprisingly	1
surcharges	1
sure	81
sure!	1
sure,	1
sure.	4
surely	2
surf	1
surface	7
surface--no	1
surface.	1
surfaces	1
surfing	2
surge	1
surgery	1
surpass	1
surpasses	1
surprise	5
surprise.	2
surprised	16
surprised!	1
surprised,	1
surprised.	2
surprisingly	2
surprisingy,	1
surprized	1
surrounded	1
surrounding	1
survival	1
survived	1
suspect	6
suspect.	1
suspicion	2
suspicion?	1
suspiciously	1
sustain	1
swap	4
swapped	2
swapping	2
swear	1
sweat	2
sweat-resistance	1
sweated	1
sweaty	1
sweet	4
sweet.	1
swell),	1
swelled	1
swet,joggoing,or	1
swing	1
swinging	1
swings	1
swirl	1
switch	34
switch!.	1
switch,	1
switch.	2
switched	22
switches	2
switching	10
swivel	8
swivel,	1
swivelled	1
swivels	1
swivels.	1
sych	1
symbol	1
symbolizes	1
symposium	1
sync	21
sync.	5
sync/charger	1
synch	4
synching	1
synchronization	4
synchronize	3
synchronized	1
synchs	1
syncing	6
syncing,	1
syncs	3
syns	1
system	18
system,	4
system.	9
system?	1
systems	1
systems?5.	1
t	1
t-305	1
t-mail	1
t-mobile	9
t-zones-	1
t609,	1
t610	1
t610.I	1
t809	2
tab	1
tab).	1
table	1
table,	1
tablet	1
tablet,	1
tabs	5
tac	1
tacky	1
tactile	1
tad	2
tag	5
tag.	1
tail	1
tailored	1
tainted	1
take	96
taken	6
taken.	1
takeoff.	1
takes	42
taking	23
tal	1
talented)	1
talk	77
talk,	2
talk.	9
talk....	1
talked	11
talker	1
talkers	1
talkie.	1
talking	43
talking,	4
talking.	5
talking.-	1
talking...it	1
talks	2
talktime	2
tan...a	1
tangled	1
tangling	1
tansfer	1
tap	4
tape	17
tape.	4
tape.DON'T	1
tape.The	1
taped	2
taped,	1
tapped	1
tapping	1
taps,	1
target	1
target.	1
task	1
task.	2
tasks	3
taste	1
tasted	1
tax	2
tax.	1
taxes!!	1
taxi	1
team	2
tear	8
tear.	3
teardrop	1
tears	3
tears,	1
tech	30
tech,	1
tech-challenged	1
techie	1
technical	4
technically	3
techno	1
technological	1
technologically	1
technology	16
technology".	1
technology.	6
technology.Have	1
technology.P.	1
technology.The	1
technonogy	1
tedious	1
teen,	1
teenage	2
teenager	2
teenager-not	1
teenagers	1
teens	1
teeny	1
tel&eacute;fono.	1
telephone	5
television	2
tell	41
tell.	1
tell...	1
tell?	1
telling	3
tellingme	1
tells	4
temperamental	1
temporarily	2
temporary	1
ten	5
tend	10
tended	1
tendency	2
tends	5
term	2
term.	2
termination	2
terms	7
terrible	19
terrible.	19
terrible..	1
terrible.....	1
terrible.Its	1
terrible.The	1
terrible.Works	1
terribly	4
terrific!	1
terrific.	1
terrifying	1
test	13
test.	1
tested	5
testing	7
testing,	1
testing.	1
tests	1
tether	2
tethered	1
text	33
text,	2
text.	2
text.1.	1
texting	5
texting).	1
texting,	1
texting.	2
texts	2
texts...don't	1
texture.	2
textured	2
th	2
thah	1
than	434
thank	6
thankfully,	1
thanks	4
thanks,	2
thanks.	1
thas	1
that	1536
that!	3
that!later	1
that".	1
that's	43
that)	1
that,	31
that.	37
that.)	3
that.)5.	1
that...	1
that....	1
that.Cons	1
that.Overall,	1
that.This	1
that?	6
that?.	1
thats	16
thay	1
the	7806
the--P002	1
the..	1
theBreffo	1
theie	1
their	110
theirs	1
theirs.	2
them	208
them!	2
them!!!	2
them)'s	1
them,	19
them.	55
them.-Needs	1
them....	1
them...fade	1
them.2.	1
them;	1
them?	1
theme	2
themes	1
themes,	1
themselves	3
then	196
then,	12
then.	1
then....maybe	1
then?	1
theory	5
thephone	1
theprice	1
there	186
there!	4
there's	25
there,	9
there.	29
there....	1
there.This	1
there?	1
there@!Just	1
thereafter.	1
therefore	6
therein	1
thereplacement	1
theres	3
thes	1
these	186
these!	2
these,	5
these.	14
these;	1
thet	1
they	424
they'd	4
they're	18
they've	2
they,	1
thick	3
thick)	1
thick,	1
thick.	2
thicker	7
thicker,	1
thickness	3
thigs	1
thin	18
thin,	3
thing	168
thing!	1
thing!.	1
thing!?	1
thing)	1
thing,	4
thing.	23
thing..	1
thing.Any	1
thing.The	1
things	42
things!	2
things'	1
things).	1
things,	2
things.	10
things?	1
think	147
think)	2
think).	1
think.	4
thinking	16
thinking!	1
thinking,	1
thinness	1
thinnest	2
third	24
thirty	2
this	2118
this!	4
this!!!!!	1
this!.	1
this,	26
this--my	1
this.	44
this..	1
this.6.	1
this.On	1
this?	1
this?All	1
thisproduct.	1
thngs	1
tho	1
tho.	2
thorn	1
thorough	1
thoroughly	2
those	69
though	58
though)7.	1
though,	14
though.	23
though..	2
though...	2
though...!	1
though....	1
though.I	1
thoughbelt	1
thought	102
thought,	3
thought.	4
thoughts	1
thoughts.	1
thousands...apparently	1
threatened,	1
three	79
three-pack.	1
three.	1
threw	7
thrift	1
thrilled	4
thrilled.	2
through	126
through.	1
throughout	1
throw	12
throw-awaysOn	1
throwed	1
throwing	4
thrown	2
thru	13
thru.A	1
thumb	4
thumbing,	1
thumbnail	1
thumbs	3
thunderous	1
thus	10
thw	1
tick	1
ticker	2
ticking	3
tie	1
tied	2
tiempo	1
tier	1
tight	13
tight-knit	1
tight.	4
tight...If	1
tight;	1
tighter	2
tightly	2
tightly.	2
tighty	1
til	2
tiled.	1
till	8
tilt	1
time	258
time!	7
time!.	3
time).	1
time*	1
time,	38
time.	98
time..	2
time...	1
time.5.	2
time.Frank	1
time/money	1
time9.	1
time?	1
timeframe,	2
timely	6
timeport	1
times	70
times!	1
times)	1
times,	6
times-	1
times.	23
times...my	1
times.Thank	1
times;	1
timing	1
tin	1
tines	1
tingly	1
tinker	1
tinkering	2
tinny	4
tinny,	2
tinny.	2
tinny.4.	1
tint	1
tinted	1
tiny	14
tiny!	1
tiny,	2
tiny.	2
tip	13
tip.	1
tips	8
tips,	2
tips-Why?	1
tips.	2
tired	7
title	6
title.	1
tmobile	4
tmobile.	1
to	4190
to)	1
to,	6
to--but	1
to.	36
to.)9.	1
to...	1
to.Both	1
toactivate,	1
toast	1
today	10
today!	3
today's	2
today,	2
today.	3
today."	1
today.(...)	1
today.-	1
toddler	1
todo	1
tofay	1
together	10
together!	1
together,	3
together.	7
together..	1
together.First	1
toilet,	1
toilet.	1
told	58
told!.	1
tolerate.	1
tombile	1
tomorrow	1
tomorrow.	1
tomorrow.Recommendation	1
ton	4
tonal	1
tone	10
tone,	1
tone.	2
tone..Overall	1
tones	13
tones.	3
tongue.	1
tonight	1
tonight,	1
tonight.The	1
tons	4
too	186
too!	8
too!!	1
too!.	1
too).	1
too,	4
too.	58
too...	1
too.But	1
too.Buy	1
too.I	1
too.It	1
too.Junk.	1
too.The	1
took	58
tool	5
tool,	1
tool.	3
toolbag,	1
toolkit.	1
tools	2
tools,	2
tools.	1
tools]	1
tooth	20
tooth,	2
tooth.	5
top	45
top,	2
top-up	1
top.	4
topping-up	1
tore	3
torn	1
torqued	1
torture	1
torture.	1
tortured	1
toss	3
tossed	2
total	16
totaling	1
totally	23
totaly	1
touch	31
touch!.	1
touch,	3
touch.	5
touched	2
touches	1
touchscreen	3
touchy	1
tougg	1
tough	6
tougher	1
tought	1
toward	1
towards	6
tower	2
towers.	1
towing	1
town	6
town,	2
toy	3
toy!!!	1
toy,	1
toy.	2
toys	1
tr	1
tracfone	5
tracfonewebsite	1
track	3
track,	2
tracking	3
trackphone	1
trade	4
traded	6
tradiotional	1
traditional	2
traffic,	2
traffic.	1
train,	1
trained.	1
traits.	1
trajo	1
transaction	1
transaction.	2
transceiver).	1
transfer	26
transfer.	2
transfered	1
transfered,	1
transfering	1
transferred	2
transferred.Oh	1
transferring	1
transfers	1
transflash	1
transformed	2
transister	1
transistor	1
transitions.	1
transmission	4
transmission.	1
transmit	3
transmitter	11
transmitter).Edit	1
transmitter.	2
transmitters	2
transmitting	1
transparent	3
transport	1
transported	1
trapped	1
traps,	1
trash	5
trash.	4
trashed	1
trauma	1
travel	18
travel!	1
travel,	1
travel.	3
traveled	2
travelers.	1
traveling	2
traveling.	2
travelling	3
travled	1
treasured	1
treat	2
treat.	1
treated	2
treating	1
treats	1
treble,	1
trees)	1
tremendous	1
tremendous!	1
tremendous.	1
trendy	1
trendy,	1
treo	10
treo).	1
treo.	1
trial	6
trial!10/30/04	1
trial-and-error	1
trick	1
trick,	2
tricky	4
tried	161
tried!	1
tried,	5
tried.	12
tries	8
tries)	1
tring	1
trip	6
trip,	1
trips	5
trips,	1
trips.	2
tro	1
tropical	1
trouble	21
trouble,	3
trouble.	3
trouble.Only	1
troublesome	1
trousers,	1
trquire	1
truck	4
truck!	1
true	8
true!	2
true!!	1
true!.	1
true!5.	1
true,	1
true.	9
true;	1
truly	13
trunk,	1
trust	10
trusty	1
truth	1
try	78
try,	2
try.	8
try.....	1
try......As	1
try.The	3
tryed	1
tryied	1
trying	64
tube	1
tube/port	1
tucked	1
tuesday	1
tuner	1
tuner,	1
tunes	4
tuning	1
tunnel	1
tunnel.	3
tunneling.Edit	1
turbines	1
turn	75
turn-around	1
turn.	1
turned	49
turned.	1
turning	10
turns	11
tweaked	1
tweaking	1
tweeking	1
tweezers	2
twenty	1
twice	15
twice(!)	1
twice,	6
twice.	3
twice...	1
twice.Worked	1
twins,	1
twist	1
twisting	1
two	203
two"	1
two,	4
two.	6
two...both	1
tyhhu	1
type	36
types	4
types,	1
typical	8
typing	5
u	14
u/l	1
ugh	1
ugly	1
ugly.	4
ultimately	2
ultra	2
ultra-sheer	1
ultra-tough	1
umbilical	1
umpteen	1
un	1
un-intentionally,	1
unable	17
unacceptable	3
unacceptable.	4
unacceptable.Unless	1
unacceptible.	1
unarguably	1
unattractive	1
unauthorized	1
unbearable	3
unbeatable.	1
unbelievable	1
unbelievably	1
unbelievalbe.	1
uncertain	2
unclear	1
unclip	1
uncomfortable	21
uncomfortable,	4
uncomfortable.	9
uncomfortable.Plain	1
uncommon	1
uncommon.	1
unconfortable	1
undamaged	2
under	51
under-engineered	1
under-whelmed	1
underpowered	1
underside	1
understand	24
understand,	1
understand....	1
understandable	2
understanding	4
understands	1
understood	2
undocumented	1
undone.	1
undoubtably	1
undranded	1
unequal	1
uneven.	1
uneventful	1
unexpected	1
unfamiliar	1
unfastens.	1
unfavorable	1
unfixable.This	1
unfold	2
unfolded)	1
unfortunate	1
unfortunately	5
unfortunately,	2
unfortunately.	1
unfortunately.The	1
unfriendly.	1
unhappy	5
unheard	1
unhurried	1
uninstall	1
uninstalled	1
uninstalling	1
unintelligible,	1
unintelligible.	1
unintended	1
unintentionally.	1
unique	4
unique.	1
uniquely	1
unit	104
unit!	1
unit's	3
unit),	1
unit,	8
unit.	24
unit.BUY	1
unit.Whatever,	1
units	13
units,	1
units.Motorola	1
universal	2
universal,	1
universal.	1
universally	1
university	1
unknowingly	1
unknown	1
unknown.	1
unless	35
unlike	7
unlikely	1
unlimited	1
unlocked	5
unlocked,	2
unlocking.	1
unlucky.	1
uno	1
unobtrusive.	1
unopened	1
unplug	3
unplugged	2
unpopped	1
unprepared	1
unprotected	1
unreadable	1
unrelated	1
unreliable	5
unreliable.	4
unrepairable.	1
unresponded.	1
unsatisfactory	1
unsatisfied.	2
unsnap	1
unsnap.	1
unsure	2
unthreads	1
until	70
untouched.3	1
unusable	6
unusable.	4
unuseable	1
unusual	1
unwieldy	1
unwilling	1
unwitting	1
up	350
up!	2
up!!	1
up!!!	1
up!.	1
up"	1
up'	1
up)and	1
up,	16
up-and-coming.	1
up.	44
up."	1
up.-	1
up..	2
up....	1
up.Call	1
up.Having	1
up.Highly	1
up.Makes	1
up.Very	1
up/down	3
up/down,	1
up/transmit	1
upSupertooth	1
upbeat!	1
upcoming	1
update	11
update,	3
update,and	1
update.	4
updated	4
updates	4
updates.I	1
updating	1
upfront	1
upgrade	25
upgrade).	1
upgrade,	1
upgrade,(still	1
upgrade.	2
upgraded	11
upgraded.	1
upgrades	2
upgrading	4
upgrading)	1
upload	6
uploaded	1
uploads	1
upon	4
upper	3
upright	1
upscale	2
upset,	2
upside	2
upstairs	1
upstairs.	1
ur	5
urban	2
us	18
us,	1
us.	2
usability	2
usability.	2
usable	5
usable,	1
usage	5
usage,	1
usage.	4
usage.-	1
usb	15
usb,	1
usb/car	1
use	498
use!	1
use!.	2
use).Cons	1
use).It	1
use,	30
use-ability.	1
use.	98
use..	1
use...	1
use....	1
use...just	1
use.Thanks	1
use.Would	1
use.never	1
use/	1
use;	2
use@!	1
useable	1
useable,	1
useable.	2
usecons:*range,	1
used	209
used,	4
used.	21
used..	1
used....	1
used.Other	1
used;	1
useful	19
useful!	1
useful!.	1
useful,	3
useful.	4
useful4.	1
usefulness	1
useless	20
useless,	3
useless.	19
user	28
user,	4
user-definable	1
user-friendly	4
user-unfriendly	1
user.	7
user....	1
user;	1
users	11
users,	3
users.	3
users.3.	1
users.5.	1
users?	1
uses	26
uses.	3
using	221
using.	8
uso	1
usual	4
usual.	1
usually	25
usually,	1
utensil	1
utilize	3
utilized	1
utilizing	1
utterly	3
ux50,	1
v-tech	1
v200	1
v220	1
v220.	1
v3,	1
v3.	2
v300	1
v330,	1
v330.	1
v551	1
v551.	2
v60	3
v600	2
v600.	1
v66	1
v710	2
vacation	4
vacations,	1
vacuum	1
valuable	2
value	17
value!	1
value!.	1
value,	2
value-for-money	1
value.	17
value..	1
value.The	1
value?	1
value????	1
valume.	1
van	1
van.	2
vanilla	1
variable	1
variety	1
various	10
vary	1
vastly	2
vcard	1
vehicle	6
vehicle,	1
vehicle.	4
vehicles	1
velcro	4
velcro.	1
velcrow	1
vendor	10
vendor,	3
vendor.	6
vendors	1
vendors,	1
vent	2
vent.	3
ver	1
verified	1
verified,	1
verify	1
verizon	8
verizon!	1
verizon.	1
verizoni	1
verizonwireless.com	1
versa.	1
versatile	1
versatile.	1
version	36
version,	4
version.	5
versionIt	1
versions	5
versions,	2
versitility	1
versus	2
vertical	2
vertically	1
vertically.	1
very	699
very,	2
very-very	1
ves	1
vey	2
via	19
viable	1
viable.	1
vibe	1
vibrant	1
vibrate	5
vibrate-only	1
vibrating	6
vibrations	1
vibrator	1
vice	1
vice-verce.	1
vicinity	1
victim	1
video	24
video,	3
video.	1
video.-	1
videocalling.	1
videos	7
videos,	3
view	5
view.	1
viewed	1
viewfinder	1
viewing	1
vigorously	1
vinyl	4
vinyl/rubber(not	1
virgin	1
virtual	1
virtually	5
virtues	1
visible	1
visible.	1
visit.	1
visited	2
visor	5
visor,	1
visor-mounted	1
visor.	3
vission	1
vista	1
visual	2
vital.	1
vivid	1
voice	83
voice,	2
voice.	4
voice.The	1
voicedail,	1
voicemail	6
voicemail).	1
voicemail,	2
voicemail.	3
voices	5
voices.	1
void	1
voila!	2
vol.	1
volt	3
voltage	2
voltage.	1
volume	134
volume!)	1
volume,	11
volume.	16
volume.)	1
volume;	1
volumen	1
volumes,	1
volumes.-	1
vouch	1
vow	1
voyage	1
voyager	3
vs	4
vs.	1
vulnerable	2
vulume	1
vx8100	1
vx8300,	1
vx9900	1
vzw..	1
w/	10
w/Swivel	1
w/service	2
w300i	1
w300i.	1
w600i	1
w810i	2
w810i,	1
w890i.	1
waaay	2
waayy	1
wade	1
waist	3
waist)...	1
waist,	1
waist.	1
wait	21
wait,	2
wait.	4
waite	1
waited	5
waited,	1
waiting	15
waiting,	2
waiting.	2
wake	2
wal-mart	1
walk	7
walk--	1
walk/run	1
walked	6
walkie	1
walkie-talkie	1
walking	8
walking.	2
walkman	2
wall	17
wall,	1
wall.	1
wallet	4
wallet.	1
wallpaper	2
wallpaper,	2
wallpaper.	2
wallpapers	2
wallpapers.	1
walls	4
walmart	2
want	171
want.	6
want...if	1
want.My	1
want/need	1
wanted	68
wanted.	9
wanting	10
wants	7
wants,	1
wants.	1
waranty.	1
ware	1
warier	1
warm.	1
warn	7
warned	2
warned.	3
warning	4
warning.	1
warning.2.	1
warnings.	1
warrant	1
warranted	1
warrants	1
warranty	15
warranty!.	1
warranty"	2
warranty,	4
warranty.	8
warranty?.	1
warrenty	1
wary	3
wary!	1
wary,Mark	1
was	1486
was!	1
was,	4
was,indeed,	1
was.	5
was4-5	1
wash	3
washed	2
washer	2
washes	1
washing	2
wasn't	50
wasn't.	2
wasn'tworth	1
wasnt	2
waste	76
waste!	1
waste.	3
wasted	6
wasted!	1
wasted.	1
wasting	3
wat	1
watch	3
watched	1
watching	2
water	2
water.	1
waterproof.	1
wavringtones	1
way	115
way).	1
way,	9
way.	13
way.Next	1
ways	3
ways,	1
we	75
we'll	5
we're	3
we've	2
weak	18
weak,	1
weak.	7
weaker.	1
weakest	2
wear	66
wear,	2
wear-and-tear	1
wear.	16
wearing	27
wearing.	1
wears	5
weary	3
weather,	1
web	15
web,	3
web,I	1
web-browser	1
web.	2
web.If	1
webcam	1
webistes	1
webpages	1
website	13
website,	2
website.	6
websites	7
websites,	1
websites.	1
weed	1
week	60
week!!	1
week!.	1
week,	8
week,month)	1
week.	15
week.)	1
weekend	3
weekends	1
weeks	71
weeks!)	1
weeks,	6
weeks.	12
weeks.)	1
weeks..	1
weenie	1
weighed	1
weighed.	1
weight	14
weight,	6
weight.	3
weight.......suggests	1
weighted	1
weights.	1
weird	8
weird,has	1
weird.	1
weirdest	1
welcome	3
well	233
well!	2
well!.	1
well).	2
well,	45
well--it	1
well-built.Bottom	1
well-designed	1
well-known	1
well-made.	1
well.	128
well..	2
well...	3
well...the	1
well.3rd.	1
well.I'm	1
well.Thank	1
well.The	2
well.This	1
well.Well,	1
well;	4
well?	1
well?I	1
wellLooks	1
wen	1
went	90
went.	4
were	145
were,	1
weren't	1
wet	2
wet-suit	1
whacking.	1
whan	1
what	268
what!	1
what's	2
what,	2
what-so-ever	1
what.	1
what?	2
what?!	1
whatever	14
whatever).8.	1
whatever.	1
whats	3
whatsoever	1
whatsoever.	4
whe's	1
wheel	4
wheel)	1
wheel,	2
wheel.	1
wheels...	1
wheller.	1
when	469
when,	2
when.	1
whenever	8
where	87
where's	1
whereas	3
wherever	1
whether	11
which	244
which,	3
while	143
while,	5
while.	7
while..	1
while...but	1
whimsy?	1
whine	2
whip	2
whipping	1
whirring.	1
whispered,	1
whistles	5
whistles,	1
whistles.	1
whistling	1
whitch}	1
white	13
white,	2
white-on-silver	1
white.	2
whiz-bang	1
who	96
who's	1
whoever	4
whole	27
whom	1
whoops,	1
whose	1
why	60
why,	1
why.	1
why....	1
why:1.	1
wi-fi	2
wide	3
wide.	1
wider	2
widespread	1
width	1
wife	44
wife's	12
wife.	2
wifes	1
wifi	1
wifi,	2
wiggling	1
wild	1
wild!.	1
wildly	2
wildly,	1
will	422
will,	1
will...but	1
willing	7
wilson	1
win/win!	1
win6,	1
wind	18
wind,	2
wind-resistant.	1
wind.	1
windgenerators	1
window	10
window.	2
windows	9
windows!	1
windows,	1
windows.	1
windscreen	1
windshield.	1
windy	7
wing	2
winner	2
winner!.	1
winter	2
wipe	4
wiping	1
wire	19
wire!.	1
wire's	1
wire,	4
wire.	1
wired	19
wired,	1
wired.	2
wireless	44
wireless,	4
wireless.	4
wirelessLAN,	1
wirelessly	1
wires	14
wires,	1
wires.	3
wiring	2
wisconsin	1
wisdom	1
wise	2
wiseasses.First,	1
wish	46
wish,	1
wished	1
wishing	2
wit	1
with	1784
with!	1
with,	8
with.	22
with;	1
withScosche	1
within	67
withmy	1
without	146
without,	1
withstand	3
withstand.	1
withthe	1
witnessed	1
wma.	1
wmv	1
wobble	1
wobble.	1
wobbled	1
wobbling	1
wobbly	1
woes.	1
woman	1
woman,	1
women	1
won't	63
won't,	1
won't.	4
wonder	9
wonder".Motorola	1
wonder.	1
wondered	1
wonderful	10
wonderful.	5
wonderful;	1
wonderfulll	1
wonderfully	1
wonderfully!	1
wonderfully.	5
wonderfulness	1
wondering	4
wondering,	1
wonders	1
wont	16
wood	1
wood!).	1
wooded	1
wooden	1
woods.	1
woohh...it	1
word	13
word."	1
word...	1
words	5
words,	2
wore	5
worest	1
worht	1
worhtless	1
work	326
work!	2
work!)5.	1
work!.	2
work).	1
work,	22
work-	1
work-Price	1
work.	107
work..	5
work...	1
work...yet.	1
work.Additionally,	1
work.For	1
work.I'm	1
work.Was	1
work?	3
work?.	2
worked	112
worked!!!.	1
worked,	5
worked.	22
worked..	1
workedout	1
workhorse	1
working	78
working!!!	2
working!!!!!!!!!	1
working!.	2
working,	8
working.	24
working..	1
working.Amazon	1
working.Not	1
working;	2
workings	1
workmanship	1
workmanship.	1
workmanship.Will	1
workout	2
works	351
works!	3
works!!	1
works!)	1
works!.	1
works!Bad	1
works,	10
works.	28
works..	3
works...	1
works....for	1
workshops).	1
world	2
world,	1
world-phone	1
world.	3
world...	1
worlds	1
worldwide	1
worn	10
worn,	2
worn-out	1
worn.	1
worn?	1
worn???	1
worried	4
worries	1
worries.	1
worring	1
worry	9
worrying	1
worse	23
worse,	3
worse.	6
worst	49
worst.	4
worst..	1
worth	107
worth.	2
worth...just	1
worthless	7
worthless,	2
worthless.	4
worthwhile	1
worthy	1
would	560
would!	1
would've	1
would,	1
would.	4
wouldn't	70
wouldn't.2.)	1
wouldnt	6
wound	2
wow	1
wrap	3
wrap-around	1
wrap-around-the-neck-style	1
wrap.	1
wraped	1
wrapped	1
wrapper	1
wretched.	1
write	15
write.	2
writer	1
writeshield	1
writeshield.	1
writing	8
writing.	1
written	11
written.	1
wrong	41
wrong!	2
wrong!!!!!!.	1
wrong!.	1
wrong,	4
wrong.	6
wrong..	1
wrong.First	1
wrong?	1
wrote	6
x-box	2
x3	1
x64	1
xbox	3
xbox.	1
xda-developers	1
xmas	1
xmas,	1
xv6700.	1
y	5
ya	1
yanking	1
yap	1
yard	1
yard.	1
yards	1
yardwork,	1
yay	1
yea	1
yea,	1
yeah,	3
year	81
year!	1
year!!	1
year,	9
year-old.	1
year.	21
year....I	1
years	74
years!!!	1
years).	1
years,	11
years.	21
years..	1
years.Great	1
yell	1
yellow	2
yer	1
yes	5
yes,	4
yes..the	1
yes/	1
yesterday	4
yesterday,	3
yesterday.	1
yet	31
yet!	1
yet!)	1
yet,	12
yet.	23
yet.If	1
you	1229
you!	3
you!!!.	1
you!).	2
you!.	1
you!We	1
you".	2
you'd	4
you'll	19
you're	62
you've	8
you).	2
you,	14
you--	1
you-know-what!	1
you.	49
you...	2
you.2)	1
you.3.	1
you.make	1
you;	1
you?"""	1
you?.	1
you?You	1
young	2
younger	1
your	494
your's	1
yourself	13
yourself)	1
yourself.	5
yourself....	1
youtube	1
yrs	3
yx610	1
z500a	1
z525	1
zBoost	2
zen	2
zero	10
zilch.	1
zip	3
ziplock	1
zipper	2
zippered	1
zire	1
zones-	1
zoom	6
zoom.	1
zune	2
{	1
~1	1
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ hdfs dfs -cat /user/cloudera/wc_output06/_SUCCESS
[cloudera@quickstart ~]$ 